{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl2160\margr1440\margb720\margt720\vieww12540\viewh16140\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone          \ul Carly Reynolds and the S.T.E.A.M. Team\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1440\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0        
\fs28 1. Hallway - Early Morning\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0 \cf0 LIGHTS UP on MR. PAXTON, a man in his late forties, \
dressed in a suit and tie. He walks up to a bulletin board \
and staples a sheet of paper with names written on it to \
the board. A small crowd surrounds him and tries to look \
at it. There is a commotion as he steps aside. Boys and \
Girls alike turn to their friends with various whispers of \
shock or excitement. After a few moments the crowd \
begins to dissipate, until only one student is left: CARLY \
REYNOLDS, a sophomore who is clearly distraught over \
the news on the paper. She stands there alone for a few \
moments. CARLY looks over at MR. PAXTON who is still \
shoving a few items into his briefcase. CARLY  hesitantly\
walks over to him.\
 
\f1\i0 \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 CARLY.  Excuse me, Mr. Paxton?
\f2\i \

\f1\i0 MR. PAXTON.  Miss Reynolds! What can I do for you this afternoon?
\f2\i \uc0\u8232 
\f1\i0 CARLY.  To be honest, I'm a little confused.\
MR. PAXTON.  Oh? Confused about what?\uc0\u8232 CARLY.  Well, I don't mean to be rude, but about the new STEM team \
announcements. I know you give priority to Seniors and Juniors, but I am a\
little surprised by your two Sophomore picks.\
\
MR. PAXTON.  Mr. Landry and Mr. Pruitt? Well, I would think it shouldn't \
come as that much of a shock. They are two of the top students in your \
class after all, are they not? \
CARLY.  Of course! I am not trying to say they aren't qualified, but as you \
just said, they are only two of the top students. But neither are actually 
\f2\i the\

\f1\i0 top. Mike is barely in the top five. Especially in computer science. Which is \
the theme of this year's-\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\fi720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MR. PAXTON nods. Realizing what this is about.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MR. PAXTON.  Ah, I see. But you are.\
CARLY.  ... Well, yeah.\
MR. PAXTON.  They also have received outstanding accolades from Mr. \
Reyes for their group midterm project, and teamwork is another major \
component for the team.\
CARLY.  But I was also in that group! Shouldn't that count for something?\
MR. PAXTON.  Of course it should. And don't think for a second that your \
name was not on the short list, because it was. However, sometimes more \
than just who did better on which assignment factors into these kind of \
decisions.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\fi720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MR. PAXTON intermittently smiles and waves as \
people walk by in the hall.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CARLY.  I know that. But then what does factor in.\
MR. PAXTON.  Excuse me?\
CARLY.  I\'92m curious about what can I do to improve my chances in the future.\
MR. PAXTON.  Oh, Miss Reynolds. Nothing! You are a fantastic student and \
have done everything right. I am sure you'll make the team next year! \
Besides, aren't you already cast as the lead in the spring play?\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Condescendingly)
\f1\i0  You don't have to be in everything, Carly.\
CARLY.  But how does that help me? I love theatre, but I want to major in \
Computer Science!\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\fi720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MR. PAXTON tenses up.)
\f0\i0\b                      \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 MR. PAXTON.  Listen, Miss Reynolds. I am sorry that you did not make the\
cut. Truly, I am. But ambushing me like this and complaining about it is not\
going to change that fact. Now if you'll excuse me...\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\fi720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MR. PAXTON smiles at someone off stage and \
waves as he moves to join them. CARLY is left on  \
stage in defeat.)
\f0\i0\b  \
\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li1440\ri-7200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 2. Library - A Few Hours Later\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0 \cf0 LIGHTS UP ON MS. ALEXANDRIA, a librarian, who is \
sitting behind a desk, organizing papers, and stamping \uc0\u8232 them. After a moment, CARLY enters.)\
\
\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MS. ALEXANDRIA.  Carly! Tell me everything. How\'92d it go? Did you make it?\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\fi720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CARLY looks up to MS. ALEXANDRIA and shakes \
her head.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MS. ALEXANDRIA.  What do you mean 
\f2\i (Imitates shaking her head)
\f1\i0 ?\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\fi720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CARLY shrugs.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MS. ALEXANDRIA.   Unbelievable. You're not on the team? Oh, Carly. I am \
so sorry. Here, come sit down and tell me what happened.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\fi720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MS. ALEXANDRIA hugs CARLY and then leads her \
to a seat at the desk. She waits for CARLY to start. \
She doesn't.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MS. ALEXANDRIA.  So...\
CARLY.  I don't know, Ms. Alexandria. I did everything that I was supposed \
to, I had the top score on three of the last four exams, and I worked so hard\
on my essay-\
MS. ALEXANDRIA.  I know you did. I read it, remember? It was brilliant.\
CARLY.  Clearly not brilliant enough.\
MS. ALEXANDRIA.  Oh, Carly. I have been at this job for longer than you \
could imagine, and I'd be hard pressed to find anyone more deserving of \
that spot than you. \
CARLY.  Except Mike Landry or Logan Pruitt.\
MS. ALEXANDRIA.  Mike Landry? That's who they put on the team? \
Unbelievable. I've spent more time kicking that boy out of here for using \
the lab computers for Facebook than seeing him actually do anything \
productive. Carly Reynolds, you have Mike Landry outmatched tenfold.\uc0\u8232 CARLY.  That's not what Mr. Paxton said.\
MS. ALEXANDRIA.  Mr. Paxton? He talked with you about it?\
CARLY.  Not exactly. After seeing the list, I asked him what I could do to \
improve my chances in the future, and he said nothing. That I was a great \
candidate, but that I should try again next year and just be happy with my \
theatre role.\
MS. ALEXANDRIA.  But you don't want to study theatre.\
CARLY.  I know.\
MS. ALEXANDRIA.  You're applying for computer science.\
CARLY.  That's what I told him.\
MS. ALEXANDRIA.  Unbelievable. A young woman like yourself can have \
more than one interest. Ooh that really frosts my pumpkin. I suppose he \
said nothing about the fact that Mike is also on the wrestling team?\
CARLY.  Why should that matter?\
MS. ALEXANDRIA.  It shouldn't. That's the point. And neither should your \
acting. This double standard that men can have a dozen passions, but\
women can't possibly be good at art AND science is outrageous. You know \
what? This is Hedy Lamarr all over again.\
\
CARLY.  Who?\
MS. ALEXANDRIA.  Hedy Lamarr.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\fi720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CARLY shakes her head.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MS. ALEXANDRIA.  You don't know who Hedy Lamarr is?\
CARLY.  No, should I? Was she some kind of scientist?\
MS. ALEXANDRIA.  An inventor. An actress.\
CARLY.  Like, she plays an inventor on TV?\
MS. ALEXANDRIA.  No! She was a brilliant inventor who also just happened\
to be a world famous actress.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\fi720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MS. ALEXANDRIA looks around to see if anyone \
else is in the library.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MS. ALEXANDRIA.  I think that there's something you need to see.\
\
\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                      3. Back of Library - A Few Minutes Later\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\fi720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0 \cf0 MS. ALEXANDRIA brings CARLY to a new part of \
the library. The area appears hidden and covered \
in dust. There is a table with a couple of chairs and \
a single bookcase with hundreds of books on the \
shelves. MS. ALEXANDRIA blows the dust off a shelf \
and begins to search for a book.)\
\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CARLY.  Has this always been here? I've never noticed this area before.\
MS. ALEXANDRIA.  You'd be surprised at what people overlook even if it's \
right out in the open. Ah! Here it is.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\fi720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MS. ALEXANDRIA pulls a book from the
\f1\i0 \

\f2\i shelf and wipes her arm across the sleeve.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MS. ALEXANDRIA.  I have to head back to the front and make sure that \
none of the freshmen boys are daring each other to flip open one of the \
anatomy textbooks, but you take a few minutes and look this over. I'm \
curious as to what you will find.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\fi720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MS. ALEXANDRIA hands the book to CARLY, and \
noticing something offstage, begins to exit.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MS. ALEXANDRIA.  Mr. Carter! This is a library! You will show some \
respect or...\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\fi720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MS. ALEXANDRIA exits. CARLY dusts off the book \
and looks at it. She opens it up and starts looking \
through the pages. After a few moments, HEDY \
LAMARR enters quietly and crosses up behind CARLY, \
and begins reading over her shoulder for a few \
moments. CARLY jumps as:)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 HEDY LAMARR.  I hate that picture of me.\
\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\fi720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CARLY turns around to face HEDY.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CARLY.  What?! Who are you?!
\f2\i  
\f1\i0 \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\fi720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CARLY backs away from HEDY. HEDY smiles as \
she does so.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 HEDY LAMARR.  Why, shouldn't that be obvious? I'm on the cover of the \
book you are holding in your hands. Now that is a good picture of me.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\fi720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CARLY looks at the cover instinctually, then back \
at HEDY. She poses and looks identical to the picture \
on the cover.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CARLY.  Very funny. Did Ms. Alexandria put you up to this?\
HEDY LAMARR.  I haven't a clue what you are talking about.\
CARLY.  Well tell her I appreciate the effort, but this is a little bit overboard. \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Beat)
\f1\i0  What do you want?\
HEDY LAMARR.  What do I want? You're the one who came to me. You took\
my book off the shelf and opened it. I should be asking what it is that you \
want.\
CARLY.  I think I want to leave.\
HEDY LAMARR.  Fine. So be it. Just be sure to put my book back on the \
shelf before you go.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\fi720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (HEDY starts to cross to exit. CARLY turns over the \
book in her hands and reads the back of the book.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CARLY.  Wait. You invented Bluetooth? 
\f2\i (Beat)
\f1\i0  I mean, Hedy Lamarr \
invented Bluetooth?\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\fi720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (HEDY stops at edge of stage and pauses.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 HEDY LAMARR.  No.
\f0\b    \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\fi720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0 \cf0 (CARLY seems disappointed.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 HEDY LAMARR.  Not specifically Bluetooth. But the patent my partner and \
I were awarded for Frequency Hopping Spread Spectrum did lay the \
groundwork for it.\
CARLY.  That is so cool! So what was it used for then, if it wasn't meant for \
that?\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\fi720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (HEDY eyes CARLY closely.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 HEDY LAMARR.  I thought you didn't believe me, and that you wanted to \
leave?\
CARLY.  Well I still don't actually think you are the real Hedy Lamarr \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (looking at book)
\f1\i0  considering that right here it mentions she passed away \
in 2000.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\fi720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (HEDY frowns at the mention of her passing.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 HEDY LAMARR. Well then I'll just have to prove it to you. You want to know \
my story? I'll show you.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\fi720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CARLY is skeptical at first, but accepts HEDY's \
extended arm after a moment. LIGHTS DIM. HEDY\
\
and CARLY remain on side of stage as scene \
transitions and HEDY\'92S FATHER, walks on \
stage with his arm outstretched towards HEDY. \
HEDY reaches out back to him.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 HEDY LAMARR.  When I was a little girl, my father and I would walk along \
the streets of Vienna, and he would point out something along the way, like \
a streetcar, and he would explain to me all the little pieces that would go \
into making it work.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\fi720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (HEDY\'92S FATHER is miming how a streetcar works \
during HEDY's monologue. HEDY let's go of her father's \
hand and smiles as he leaves. HEDY moves to center \
dramatically.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 HEDY LAMARR.  Although my mind loved learning how things work, \
growing up in Vienna during that age, my heart led me to the stage, and \
after that, to film.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\fi720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (FRITZ MANDL, Hedy's husband, enters.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 HEDY LAMARR.  That is until my first husband was so embarrassed by my \
debut film that he tried to buy up every single copy of the film, forbade me \
from pursuing acting, and made me a prisoner of our own home.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\fi720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (SALESMAN enters with film canisters. FRITZ buys \
them all. SALESMAN exits. FRITZ scolds HEDY, who \
pleads with him to no avail. MUSSOLINI and HITLER \
enter and join FRITZ  in conversation downstage.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 HEDY LAMARR.  So I stayed home, while he socialized with and sold \
weapons to some of the most despicable people in history. And while they \
talked, and talked. I listened and learned.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\fi720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MAID enters with a tray of coffee.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 HEDY LAMARR.  Until I thought of a way out. One night, while everyone \
was distracted, I made my move.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\fi720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MAID brings tray to HEDY. HEDY points \
off stage and mimes slipping something in a cup, \
then convinces MAID to take a sip, who proceeds \
to faint as HEDY collects the tray and puts on \
the maid\'92s hairpiece, then she sneaks away. MAID,\
FRITZ, MUSSOLINI, and HITLER exit when not in \
focus. HEDY returns to CARLY.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CARLY.  You drugged the maid and snuck away?\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\fi720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (HEDY shrugs.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 HEDY LAMARR.  I needed to get out of there. I saw a way, so I took it. I \
eventually made my way to Paris, and then, to America to work in \
Hollywood.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\fi720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (GEORGE ANTHEIL enters. He has cocktails in \
\
his hands and walk towards HEDY, handing \
her one.)
\f1\i0 \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 HEDY LAMARR.  Then one night, at a dinner party, I met my future \
collaborator, George Antheil. By now, World War 2 had been going on for a\
few years, and the US Government decided to ask for help in solving a few \
problems they were coming up against. George and I started talking about\
one in particular.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\fi720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (TORPEDO 1 and TORPEDO 2 shoot at SUBMARINE.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 HEDY LAMARR.  The Navy had torpedoes that were strong enough to \
incapacitate the enemy's ships, but they were found to be pretty easy to \
jam and set off course. Fortunately for them, I spent a lot of time listening \
in on my ex-husband's weapons plans, and with George's help, I now had \
an idea of how to stop them.\
CARLY.  
\f2\i (Slowly, making sure she gets it right.) 
\f1\i0 Frequency Hopping Spread \
Spectrum.\
HEDY LAMARR.  Frequency Hopping Spread Spectrum. Instead of a ship \
being able to jam the signal for an incoming torpedo, this method used the\
same technology as a player piano, and caused the torpedo to jump \
frequencies, essentially rendering any current jamming techniques \
obsolete.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\fi720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (TORPEDO 3, shoots at SUBMARINE. She tries to jam \
it, but is unsuccessful. TORPEDO 3 and SUBMARINE \
"explode" both exit. LIGHTS return to normal.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CARLY.  That is so awesome! So was this one of the turning points of the \
war?\
HEDY LAMARR.  
\f2\i (Dejected)
\f1\i0  Not even a little bit. The Navy wasn't quite \
desperate enough to try and use a new invention from a Hollywood \
Actress and Composer. They told me that I would be of greater service if I \
would use my fame to try and help sell War Bonds.\
CARLY.  Did you?\
HEDY LAMARR.  Of course I did! This was at the peak of one of the greatest \
tragedies in all of humanity. Was I upset that they didn't want to use my \
new invention? You bet I was. But you forget, I met the men that we were \
fighting against, and I was willing to help in any way that I could. Even if I \
had to stand in front of crowd and ask for money. 
\f2\i (HEDY laughs)
\f1\i0 . One \
night, I said anyone who purchased more than $25,000 worth of bonds \
would get a kiss from me. I single handedly raised over $7 million dollars \
in that one night.\
CARLY.  Wow. 
\f2\i (Beat)
\f1\i0  So what happened with your patent?\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\fi720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (HEDY shrugs.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 HEDY LAMARR.  It expired. Eventually the government did try our method \
a few decades later in the Cuban Missile Crisis, and in the 90s, a group of \
\
companies got together and expanded on the basic idea to create WiFi, \
Bluetooth, and even GPS.\
CARLY.  Did they give you credit?\
HEDY LAMARR.  George and I did win a couple of awards years later, but it\
would have been nice to have been seen as more than just glamorous back \
then. As I've always said, any girl can be glamorous. All you have to do is \
stand still and look stupid.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\fi720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CARLY laughs.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CARLY.  I can see why Ms. Alexandria thought our situations were similar.\
HEDY LAMARR.  Oh yeah? You once had to steal away in the middle of the \
night to escape a tyrannical jailer?\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\fi720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (HEDY nudges CARLY to show she is just teasing her.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CARLY.  No. But I was just told by the head of the science department that I \
should be happy with being in the school play instead of being on the \
STEM team. Instead he accepted two guys who barely know what they are \
doing. I won't be able to compete this year, and after seeing the way our\
talk went, I am not so sure I will next year either.\
HEDY LAMARR.  Well you know what you need to do now, right?\
CARLY.  See if there is any way that I can still help, even if it's not in the way \
that I want?\
HEDY LAMARR.  What are you, crazy? This isn't The War. No. You sit back \
and laugh as they struggle to accomplish half of what they would have if \
they had brought you on, and in the meantime, you hone your craft and \
next year you make it so they have no choice but to put you on the team \
where you belong.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\fi720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CARLY nods. The fact she is truly not on the \
team finally sinking in.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 HEDY LAMARR.  I'm sorry, kid. I wish I could tell you this will get better. \
That over time, people will change and that someday, you will get the \
recognition you deserve. But if history is any sign, we're still a long way \
from that.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\fi720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (\uc0\u8203 CARLY doesn't know what to say. After a moment \
of silence, she moves towards Hedy's open book.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 HEDY LAMARR.  Wait! Here. Check this out and read it when you have some time \
at home.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\fi720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (HEDY goes to the bookshelf, takes a book, and \
hands it to CARLY. CARLY reads the cover.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CARLY.  Rosalind Franklin? Who is she?\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\fi720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (HEDY smiles.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 HEDY LAMARR.  I'll let her tell you that one.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\fi720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CARLY looks back to the book.)\
\
\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\b\fs20 \cf0                                 
\fs28 4. Carly\'92s Bedroom - Later That Night\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0 \cf0 LIGHTS UP on CARLY in her room sitting on her bed \
with Rosalind's book in her hand. She takes her time \
getting comfortable and then opens the book. A few \
moments pass, and then ROSALIND FRANKLIN enters \
and sits down quietly in CARLY's computer chair.\
CARLY doesn't notice ROSALIND at first, and continues \
reading. When she finally looks up, CARLY jumps in shock.\
\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CARLY.  I don't think I will ever get used to that.\
ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  If it makes you feel any better, I can promise you \
that it's just as weird on our side. All of a sudden being thrust into \
existence in an unknown environment.\
CARLY.  Oh. I didn't even think about that. I'm sorry.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ROSALIND shrugs.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  It doesn't hurt to always try and see things from \
another's point of view. You might learn something.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CARLY nods, taking it in.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CARLY.  I'll remember that. 
\f2\i (Beat)
\f1\i0  So, what's your story.\
ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  You're holding my book, are you not? And you can \
read, correct?\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CARLY, taken aback, looks back at the book.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CARLY.  
\f2\i (After a moment)
\f1\i0  So you worked with x-ray crystallography?\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ROSALIND nods.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  And other things.\
CARLY.  I honestly have no idea what that is.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ROSALIND sighs.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  For simplicity, let's just say I worked with enlarged \
photographs of very tiny structures.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CARLY looks back to the book.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CARLY.  Like... DNA for example?\
ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  Like DNA for example.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Silence as CARLY continues to read.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  I also did groundbreaking work on understanding \
the molecular structures of coal, and made numerous strides in my \
research on a variety of viruses, but no one ever finds those bits as \
interesting, do they? No, it's all about "Photo 51" with them nowadays.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CARLY remains silent. After a moment, \
she continues to read the book.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  Can't say I blame them, really. The story almost \
seems too scandalous not to tell. But the whole thing is rather a bit silly if \
you ask me. 
\f2\i (Beat)
\f1\i0  I'm sorry. I should let you read.\
\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ROSALIND sits back in the chair and waits \
patiently as CARLY once again starts to read for \
a few moments.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  You know what really gets me, though? I was ready \
to move past the whole thing. Let bygones be bygones. But then that rat \
Watson had to go and write about me in his book like I was the villain. Like \
it was me who was the incompetent one. He just couldn't leave it be.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CARLY slowly puts down the book.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CARLY.  Why don't you show me what happened? \
ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  No, no. Research shows you retain more when you \
read.\
CARLY.  Are you sure? Because I really think hearing it from you would be \
the best way to make sure I get the whole thing.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ROSALIND takes a moment.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  Well, if you're going to be so insistent about it, then\
I can't change your mind. Here.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ROSALIND extends her hand. CARLY gets off the \
bed and reaches out for it.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  You've heard of James Watson and Francis Crick?\
CARLY.  The guys who discovered DNA?\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ROSALIND scoffs.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  Right, just like how Columbus discovered America. \
Something worth remembering, in the scientific community, we all stand \
on each other's shoulders.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (LIGHTS DIM. ROSALIND and CARLY move to the \
side of the stage as scene transitions)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  A couple of years after graduating with my Ph.D in \
Physical Chemistry from Cambridge University, I was offered a position at\
King's College as the head Research Associate.
\f2\i  
\f1\i0 DNA was determined to be\
the next best thing, and my supervisor decided my talents would best be \
used trying to identify the structure. I was even given a Ph.D. student to\
assist me in my work.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (RAYMOND GOSLING enters and shakes ROSALIND's \
hand. Then he leads her into their lab.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ROSALIND FRANKLIN. What I didn't know, what my supervisor failed to \
inform me about, was that both my new lab, and my assistant, had \
previously been assigned to another Research Associate, Maurice Wilkins. \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MAURICE WILKINS enters lab with much confusion.)
\f1\i0 \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ROSALIND FRANKLIN. He was on Holiday when I moved in, and, well, I \
don't think he was quite thrilled at the idea of working alongside a woman\
who was so assertive. I, on the other hand, could not have cared less. I was\
on a mission to discover the structure of DNA, and I wasn't going to sit \
\
back and let some man with half my talent, and much less experience delay\
me simply because his ego couldn't handle it.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (WILKINS storms off stage. WATSON and \
CRICK enter laughing with each other.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  While I continued to work on my research at King's \
College, an hour up the road two other scientists were also on the hunt \
back at Cambridge.\
CARLY.  Watson and Crick?\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ROSALIND nods as she stares at WATSON and CRICK.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  Except they weren't doing exactly the same work. \
Whereas, I was of the belief that experimentation, trial and error, and \
perseverance were the best avenues for scientific progress, Watson and \
Crick were so determined to be the first, that they often took shortcuts.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ROSALIND stands up to give a lecture. \
WATSON sneaks over and listens.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  So much so, that  in a desperate and ultimately\
foolish attempt at subterfuge, Watson once snuck into a presentation of\
mine where I posited that DNA likely had two strands in its form. He then\
tried to  relay all of the information back to Crick. Together they attempted \
to build a model of what DNA looks like, based primarily off of my \
presentation, but Watson didn't take notes, and their model had three \
strands. \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (WATSON returns over to CRICK.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  Over the next year, things worsened as the boys\
club that was London at the time started to grow more and more hostile. \
They started calling me "Rosy" and "The Dark Lady" behind my back, but I \
pushed through and kept at my work, knowing that was the only true way\
to uncovering the truth of DNA. Around this time, my assistant and I took \
many photos, one of which was the infamous "Photo 51". At the time, I had\
no idea what we had in our hands, so I put it aside for future analysis.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (GOSLING re-enters, and joins ROSALIND. They \
look at "Photo 51" and then place it in a folder. \
GOSLING places the folder upstage and exits.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CARLY.  And that is the photo that led to discovering the structure of DNA? \
ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  It was.\
CARLY.  So how did Watson and Crick get a hold of it?\
ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  Remember my lab partner? Maurice Wilkins?\
CARLY.  Yeah?\
ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  It turns out he was good friends with Francis Crick, \
and he had been feeding them information, and with the race to being the \
first so tight, Watson came to me and pleaded for me to help him and Crick.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (WATSON crosses to ROSALIND.)\
\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CARLY.  So you gave them the photo?\
ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  Not a chance! I was so furious that he thought I was \
about to hit him and he ran away.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 (
\f2\i WILKINS discovers the folder with \'93Photo 51\'94. \
WATSON runs away. WILKINS stops WATSON.\
They move off to the side, and WILKINS opens \
a folder. WATSON\'92s jaw drops. He pulls out a \
newspaper and draws what he sees and exits. \
WATSON returns to CRICK. WILKINS exits.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  On his way out, however, it seems he ran into his \
friend Wilkins, who had recently stumbled upon "Photo 51". He showed it \
to Watson, who immediately copied the image and returned to his partner \
in crime, Crick.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (LIGHTS return to normal.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CARLY.  They stole your work?\
ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  I didn't know that at the time. I just assumed they \
had stumbled upon a working hypothesis, and when they showed me their \
new model, I had to admit, it looked like they were on to something. It \
wasn't until years after my death, when Watson wrote that scathing excuse \
for a book of his, that anyone really noticed they directly used any of my \
research at all.\
CARLY.  And they got away with it?\
ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  Got away with it? They were awarded the Nobel \
Prize for it in 1962!\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (WATSON, CRICK, and WILKINS enter downstage \
as SPOTLIGHT appears. WILKINS is facing upstage,\
and hands the other two awards.)
\f1\i0 \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 CARLY.  Shouldn't it have at the very least been shared with you?\
ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  Many think it wasn't possible because the Nobel \
Prize can't be awarded to someone who has already passed away, and \
since I died in 1958, I wasn't eligible. But that rule didn't come into effect \
until 1974, twelve years after they won the award. A different rule, \
however, states that no more than three people can share the prize.\
CARLY.  Watson and Crick shared the award with third person? Who?\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ROSALIND remains quiet.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CARLY.  No.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ROSALIND nods. WILKINS turns around with \
her own medal in hand.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CARLY.  Wilkins?! \
ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  Watson insisted that he be included. I guess it only \
makes sense, as the whole thing never would have happened without him. \
This way all three colluders get equal recognition.\
\
CARLY.  I am so sorry that happened to you.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ROSALIND shrugs.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  No use stressing over it now. Not much I can do \
about it. Not with my... condition.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (The two sit in silence for a moment.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CARLY.  What did you do next?\
ROSALIND FRANKLIN. Next, I decided to leave King\'92s College and DNA \
behind me. I moved on to a new university and research project. I learned\
that it was often better to focus on the present than the past.\
CARLY.  Is that what I should do too? Forget about this whole thing and \
move on, like you did?\
ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  I moved on because I didn't fully know what had \
happened until it was too late.\
CARLY.  You just told me to focus on the present, not the past.\
ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  So do that.\
CARLY.  But... wait, I'm confused. Isn't "not making the team" in the past?\
ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  You didn't make the team, yes that's the past. \
Nothing you can do about that. But that doesn't mean you can't work to fix \
the outcome. This team. Do they have meetings?\
CARLY.  Yeah. I think they have the first one tomorrow afternoon.\
ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  Is there anything in the rules that says you can't be\
in the room?\
CARLY.  It's implied that only those on the team ca-\
ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  If you live your entire life by following implied \
rules, you are not going to get very far. If they don't want you in that room, \
they will have to point to a clear reason why you should not be allowed. \
Don't let them off easy. They're going to have to work for it if they are \
going to try and hold you back.\
CARLY.  So I should just show up at the meeting anyway?\
ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  Is there somewhere else you need to be?\
CARLY.  Not really. I had originally planned to be there. I set my entire \
schedule around that.\
ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  Well, couldn't hurt to show up and see what you \
can do, right? At the very least, it will show how dedicated you are.\
CARLY.  Okay. Yeah, you know what, I'm sure Mr. Paxton would be fine with \
that, right? As long as I'm not distracting the group. (
\f2\i Beat)
\f1\i0  Thank you. \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Beat.)
\f1\i0 \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  Say, are you going back to the library tomorrow?\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CARLY nods. ROSALIND reaches \
for a post-it note on Carly's desk.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  Then take a look at these. I think they might give \
you some added perspective.\
\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ROSALIND hands the post-it \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 note to CARLY. CARLY studies it.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CARLY.  Barbara McClintock and Rosalyn Yalow? Never heard of them.\
ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  Well trust me, they are well worth hearing about.\
CARLY.  Okay. I'll do that. Thank you. I wish I could do something for you in \
return.\
ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  It's no problem, really. Just whatever you do, don't\
give up. That will be how you can repay me. Deal?\
CARLY.  Deal.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ROSALIND smiles, stands, and walks off \
stage. CARLY slowly closes the book.)
\f0\i0\b  \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
                      5. Mr. Paxton\'92s Room - The Next Day\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0 \cf0 LIGHTS UP on a group of boys sitting around a \
table huddled over a computer. MR. PAXTON is \
standing alongside them. After a few moments, \
CARLY enters and walks over to them. MR. \
PAXTON notices her and flinches in surprise.\
\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MR. PAXTON.  Miss Reynolds, I'm sorry, we're just about to start our \
meeting.\
CARLY.  I know. That's why I'm here.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MR. PAXTON looks confused, and leads CARLY \
away from the group.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MR. PAXTON.  
\f2\i (Quietly)
\f1\i0  Look, I know you are not happy with my decision, \
but I thought we were on the same page that you did not make the team \
this year.\
CARLY.  Oh, I know I am not on the team.\
MR. PAXTON.  You do?\
CARLY.  I do. And I completely understand.\
MR. PAXTON.  
\f2\i (Relaxing a bit)
\f1\i0  Oh. Well, I am glad to hear that. Now if you \
would exc-\
CARLY.  But I also know that if I want to make the team next time, I need to\
learn more about what it takes. So I figured that I could sit in on the \
meetings and learn something.\
MR. PAXTON.  I see. that's very... forward thinking of you. However, I don't \
think that's the best use of your time, do you?\
CARLY.  How would it be any different than if I had been asked to be on the \
team? Actually, since I won't be needing to work on anything to contribute \
to the team, it is less work than if I was on the team.\
MR. PAXTON.  Don't you also have rehearsals starting soon? Maybe you \
should just try and focus on one thing at a time.\
CARLY.  At least half of the them also wrestle. If they can do more than one \
activity, shouldn't I be able to?\
MR. PAXTON.  I just don't think it's a good precedent to set. If we let one \
student sit in on a meeting, next thing we know, every group will have too\
many students, and we do not have the budget to hire extra staff, and--\
CARLY.  So the result of the precedent that you are afraid to set is that too\
many students will be interested in learning more?\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MR. PAXTON is beginning to get upset.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MR. PAXTON.  I am sorry. It is just not the way we do things.\
CARLY.  Why?\
MR. PAXTON.  Why what.\
CARLY.  Why do we do things only one way? Shouldn't we be open to \
learning from our experiences? Isn't that what science is really all about?\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Behind them, the boys start laughing at \
something on the computer screen. MR. \
PAXTON glances over at them impatiently.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MR. PAXTON.  I've already told you why, Miss Reynolds.\
CARLY.  But you haven't. You listed some made up reason that makes no \
sense. If you really wanted to--\
MR. PAXTON.  MISS Reynolds. I have had about enough of this discussion. \
If you continue to ignore my decision, you will find that it is very difficult \
to attend rehearsals when you are stuck in detention. Now if you'll please \
excuse us, we have a meeting to start.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Behind them, the boys laugh at the screen again. \
CARLY looks over at them and then back to MR. \
PAXTON who does not take his eyes from CARLY. \
CARLY nods her understanding and leaves. MR. \
PAXTON sighs relief and turns back to the group\
of boys.)\
\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\b \cf0                                 6. Library - A Little Later\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0 \cf0 LIGHTS UP on an empty library. CARLY enters \
and looks around for anyone. After a moment, \
MS. ALEXANDRIA enters, yelling off stage.\
\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MS. ALEXANDRIA.  And don't make me come back over there, or you'll be \
banned for a week! 
\f2\i (Noticing CARLY.) 
\f1\i0 Carly! What a wonderful surprise! \
Twice in one week, why if that isn't a raisin in the sausage, I don't know \
what is. 
\f2\i (More directly)
\f1\i0  How are you doing?\
CARLY.  Honestly, Ms. Alexandria, I\'92ve been better, but I have recently been\
told that it\'92s better to focus on the things we can change, and not dwell on\
those that we can\'92t. \
MS. ALEXANDRIA.  That sounds like some pretty sound advice. I\'92m sure \
whoever gave you that to you really knew what she was talking about.\
CARLY. She really did. 
\f2\i (Beat.) 
\f1\i0 For now though, I'm just returning this book,\
and... maybe checking out a few more\
MS. ALEXANDRIA.  
\f2\i (Beaming)
\f1\i0  Fantastic! I knew you would like that section.\
So many great stories that never get heard. \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MS. ALEXANDRIA looks at the title.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MS. ALEXANDRIA.  Were you able to relate with this one a little bit?\
CARLY.  Uh, I guess you could say it really spoke to me. \
MS. ALEXANDRIA.  
\f2\i (Conspiratorially with a wink)
\f1\i0  All the best books do. \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CARLY hesitates.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CARLY.  You haven't ever noticed... something different about the books \
from that shelf have you?\
MS. ALEXANDRIA.  Different? How so?\
CARLY.  Like, they feel a bit more "real" than some of the other books I've \
checked out in the past.\
MS. ALEXANDRIA.  Biographies often feel that way. That's why so many \
movies advertise that they are "based on a true story", we all love a good \
story, but we love it even more when it is something that supposedly \
actually happened. Most of the time, anyway. \
CARLY.  I guess. These just feel like there is a little more to them than \
meets the eye.\
MS. ALEXANDRIA.  I have spent more years than you would ever believe \
around libraries, and if there is anything that I have learned, it's that there \
is always more to a story than appears at first glance. Books are magical \
like that.  \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CARLY inspects MS. ALEXANDRIA.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MS. ALEXANDRIA.  You said there were some more books you wanted to \
check out?\
CARLY.  Oh, yes! Barbara McClintock and Rosalyn Yalow?\
MS. ALEXANDRIA.  Oooh! Those are some heavy hitters. Do you remember\
where to go? Or do you need help finding it?\
CARLY.  I think I can find the way. Thanks though. I suddenly have an \
opening in my schedule, so I might just end up finding a quiet, empty \
spot. You know, just in case I feel like... thinking out loud?\
MS. ALEXANDRIA.  Sounds great! Well you know where to find me if you \
need any help. \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CARLY smiles and exits. MS. ALEXANDRIA watches \
her leave, and then looks back at the book in her \
hand. She opens the book as ROSALIND FRANKLIN 
\f0\i0\b  \

\f2\i\b0 enters. MS. ALEXANDRIA looks up to her.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MS. ALEXANDRIA.  How is she doing? Really.\
\
ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  She's taking it pretty hard, but there's still a fire in \
her. Hopefully, Barbara and Rosalyn can fan the flames a little bit.\
MS. ALEXANDRIA.  Let's hope so. \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MS. ALEXANDRIA and ROSALIND glance the way \
that CARLY exited.)\
\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\b \cf0                                7. Back of Library - A Little Later\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0 \cf0 LIGHTS UP on CARLY, and two women, BARBARA \
MCCLINTOCK and ROSALYN YALOW, in the library. \
A few books lie open on desks.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ROSALYN YALOW.  Well she can't just sit back and not try something.\
BARBARA MCCLINTOCK.  I know that. I am just saying that in certain \
situations, like the one Carly appears to be in, there are other ways to \
accomplish one's goals other than just brute force.\
ROSALYN YALOW.  Like what?\
CARLY.  Yeah, like what?\
BARBARA MCCLINTOCK.  
\f2\i (Thinking)
\f1\i0  Well, she could start her own club. I \
am sure that there are other qualified students who would love to get \
together and work on projects.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ROSALYN rolls her eyes and begins pacing on the \
other side of the room.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CARLY.  It's not just some club. The STEM team gets to travel to the capital\
each spring and compete. They give out scholarships to the winners, and it\
looks really good on my transcript.\
ROSALYN YALOW.  I still say you just go in there again, and make them take\
you out. So what if he gives you detention? You serve it and then go back \
next week and do it again. What is he going to do? kick you out of school \
for trying to learn?\
CARLY.  He might. \
ROSALYN YALOW.  Then you'll go somewhere else. Somewhere that they \
appreciate the talent they have.\
BARBARA MCCLINTOCK.  Rosalyn, I do not think getting Carly expelled \
from school is the best way to help her succeed.\
ROSALYN YALOW.  Sitting around and waiting for someone to recognize\
her talent isn't going to be of much help either, Barbara. This isn't like your\
research. Someone isn't going to finally discover twenty years down the \
road that Carly Reynolds is the best match for the team unless she finds a\
way to show them first.\
CARLY.  Wait, what about twenty years?\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ROSALYN gestures to BARBARA.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 BARBARA MCCLINTOCK.  She is talking about my research on jumping \
genes.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CARLY continues to look at BARBARA for clarification.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 BARBARA MCCLINTOCK.  My research showed that certain genes can \
sometimes "jump" from one part of a chromosome to another. It's what is \
largely responsible for variation between generations. However, when I \
showed my work, the entire community thought it was absurd and it went \
mainly ignored for a long time.\
CARLY.  As in "twenty years" long time?\
BARBARA MCCLINTOCK.  Something like that. But it didn't matter. I knew I\
was right, and when you know you're right, you don't care. I knew that \
time would validate my discovery. And it did. 
\f2\i (Beat)
\f1\i0  I'll have you know that\
I won the Nobel Prize for that discovery.\
CARLY.  You won a Nobel?\
ROSALYN YALOW.  Yeah. Almost three decades after the fact. Just think of \
what else could have been accomplished in the field of genetics had your \
amazing discovery been accepted when it should have.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (BARBARA shrugs.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 BARBARA MCCLINTOCK.  I can't change how others see the world. I am \
only in control of my own actions. Not everyone can pump out a dozen \
papers a year for half a decade. I admire your tenacity, but I'll take waiting \
patiently for my prize for 30 years rather than nearly working myself to \
death to get one in 5.\
CARLY.  
\f2\i (To ROSALYN)
\f1\i0  So you have one too?\
BARBARA MCCLINTOCK.  She sure does. Rosalyn here is a major reason we\
know anything at all about diabetes today. She discovered how insulin \
works in the human body, and in turn taught the world the difference \
between type 1 and 2 diabetes. (
\f2\i To ROSALYN)
\f1\i0  We all have our own \
methods. I just happen to be a little more laid back in my approach.\
ROSALYN YALOW.  Is that why you liked wearing pants all the time?\
CARLY.  Pants? What's wrong with wearing pants?\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (BARBARA shakes her head. ROSALYN laughs.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ROSALYN YALOW.  In Barbara's day, women were thought of as \
"troublemakers" for wearing pants. It showed that they didn't exactly like \
following the rules.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (BARBARA shrugs.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 BARBARA MCCLINTOCK.  They're comfy.\
ROSALYN YALOW.  Still. None of this is going to help Carly right now. This \
world moves much faster than the worlds we come from. She can\'92t just wait \
and hope to be noticed. She needs to take action.\
BARBARA MCCLINTOCK.  So what do you suggest? That she sneaks in \
before they start, and hangs in the rafters to hear what is going on?\
ROSALYN YALOW.  Okay, first, I only did that once. And second, seeing \
Enrico Fermi give a guest lecture was a once in a lifetime opportunity, and I\
was not going to miss it for anything.\
CARLY.  Wait, you hid in the rafters?\
ROSALYN YALOW.  No, I didn't hide. There was just no more room, or so \
they said, so I improvised. I didn't let their useless reasons prevent me \
from accomplishing my goals. And neither should Carly.\
CARLY.  Well, we don't exactly have rafters in our classrooms. It's more of a \
rec-\
ROSALYN YALOW.  It's a metaphor. They told you that there is no room on \
the team, or as a reserve, correct?\
CARLY.  Right.\
ROSALYN YALOW.  Well then we just need to find a way to make some \
room.\
CARLY.  But how?\
ROSALYN YALOW.  How many people are on the team?\
CARLY.  Any team that wishes to compete must have at least eight, and no \
more than twelve teammates. Our school currently has all twelve spots \
filled.\
ROSALYN YALOW.  And how many of those spots are girls?\
CARLY.  Currently? None.\
BARBARA MCCLINTOCK.  Wait. Not one of the twelve spots on the team is \
a female student?\
CARLY.  No. \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (BARBARA and ROSALYN share a glance. MR. \
PAXTON enters with his briefcase, followed \
closely by MS. ALEXANDRIA.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MS. ALEXANDRIA.  I told you I can get it for y-\
MR. PAXTON.  
\f2\i (A little bit surprised)
\f1\i0  Oh, Hello.\
MS. ALEXANDRIA.  Hi, Carly.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CARLY looks around to ROSALYN and BARBARA, \
who just shrug, and then back to MR. PAXTON and \
MS. ALEXANDRIA.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CARLY.  Uh, hi.\
MS. ALEXANDRIA.  Mr. Paxton, please just wait here. If I have to show you \
to every spot, we'll be pedaling in yogurt. It's much easier for both of us if I\
just get the books you are looking for.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MS. ALEXANDRIA storms off flustered. MR. \
PAXTON notices the books open on the table.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MR. PAXTON.  Doing some light reading, I see? 
\f2\i (Putting down his briefcase \
and handling the books)
\f1\i0  Rosalyn Yalow and Barbara McClintock?\
CARLY.  Yes. I, uh, am doing a research paper on great scientists of the \
twentieth century.\
MR. PAXTON.  Ah, I see. 
\f2\i (Putting down the books)
\f1\i0  Well, I would think you \
can find some better examples than these.\
CARLY.  Why? What's wrong with them?\
MR. PAXTON.  Oh, nothing is wrong with them. There are just much more \
interesting scientists you could research is all. 
\f2\i (Beat)
\f1\i0  I'm sure you've heard\
about Watson and Crick? Now those two are worth the time to research if\
you ask me. They won the Nobel Prize for their work in discovering DNA, \
did you know that?\
CARLY.  Both of these scientists won a Nobel too.\
MR. PAXTON.  Did they? Can't remember them all I suppose. 
\f2\i (Picking up a \
book again)
\f1\i0  McClintock... She worked with corn, right? 
\f2\i (Leaning in)
\f1\i0  Not \
quite as exciting as DNA, though, wouldn't you say?\
CARLY.  Maybe not, but at least they didn't need to steal from others in \
order to win. I think I'll stick with what I have. Thank you though.\
MR. PAXTON.  
\f2\i (Slightly taken aback)
\f1\i0  Ah, well. It's your paper.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MS. ALEXANDRIA returns with a small stack of books.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MS. ALEXANDRIA.  Here you go 
\f2\i (Handing stack to MR. PAXTON roughly)
\f1\i0 . \
Everything you could possibly need on the matter. 
\f2\i (Noticing the tension)
\f1\i0  \
Is everything alright?\
MR. PAXTON.  Yes. Of course. Thank you, Ms. Alexandria.\
MS. ALEXANDRIA.  Let's head up to the front, and I'll get you checked out.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MR. PAXTON eyes CARLY for a moment, and then \
follows MS. ALEXANDRIA offstage.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 BARBARA MCCLINTOCK.  So that was him?\
CARLY.  Yeah.\
ROSALYN YALOW.  He would be a Watson fanboy. 
\f2\i (Noticing the briefcase)
\f1\i0  \
What's this? Did he leave this behind?\
CARLY.  Oh, I should run that-\
ROSALYN YALOW.  Let's have a look inside!\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ROSALYN grabs the briefcase and puts it on the \
table. CARLY moves to stop her, but she pulls away.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CARLY.  No, we shouldn't do that. I could get in trouble.\
BARBARA MCCLINTOCK.  Come on, Rosalyn. Let her bring it back to Mr. \
Paxton.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ROSALYN ignores them both and removes a \
notebook from the briefcase and starts rifling \
through it.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ROSALYN YALOW.  Don't worry, we won't get caught. He can't see us, \
remember? 
\f2\i (Stopping)
\f1\i0  Oh. What is this?\
BARBARA MCCLINTOCK.  What?\
CARLY.  Really. I could get in a lot of trouble.\
BARBARA MCCLINTOCK.  Is that what I think it is?\
ROSALYN YALOW.  His notes on everyone who tried out for the team?\
CARLY.  What? He took notes?\
BARBARA MCCLINTOCK.  
\f2\i (Taking the notebook and reading it)
\f1\i0  Wow, he \
really didn't seem to care much for this Landry guy. Only positive thing he\
said here is that his brothers were both outstanding students.\
CARLY.  He got in because of his brothers?\
ROSALYN YALOW.  
\f2\i (Staring at the notebook over BARBARA's shoulder)
\f1\i0  \
Looks like it.\
CARLY.  What does it say about me?\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (BARBARA frowns. She begins flipping through\
some pages back and forth, and then she looks \
up at ROSALYN confused.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 BARBARA MCCLINTOCK.  Nothing. Nothing at all.\
CARLY.  I'm not in there?\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CARLY moves to look at the notebook herself.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 BARBARA MCCLINTOCK.  
\f2\i (Handing CARLY the notebook) 
\f1\i0 No, you're in \
here. But he didn't write anything about you. It's just blank.\
CARLY.  
\f2\i (Looking through the book) 
\f1\i0 But, that doesn't make any sense. He \
asked me a bunch of questions in the interview. 
\f2\i (Flipping some more \
pages)
\f1\i0  That's true for all of the girls in here. Just blank pages.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ROSALYN and BARBARA exchange a glance. \
Then after a moment, MR. PAXTON walks back in.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MR. PAXTON.  Just what exactly do you think you are doing, Miss Reynolds?\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CARLY jumps and turns around to face MR. \
PAXTON. Book in hand.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CARLY.  I.. Uh..\
MR. PAXTON.  Did you take that out of my briefcase?\
CARLY.  No! I mean, yes, but-\
MR. PAXTON.  That is my personal property 
\f2\i (Ripping it out of her hands)
\f1\i0  \
and you have no right to be going through that.\
CARLY.  I know. I am sorry. I just... I didn't mean to pry.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MR. PAXTON stuffs the book back into his \
briefcase. After a moment, he turns to leave.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CARLY.  Mr. Paxton?\
MR. PAXTON.  What is is?\
CARLY.  Can I ask why you didn't have any notes for me?\
MR. PAXTON.  What?\
CARLY.  In the notebook. You had notes about most of the candidates, but \
mine you just left blank. \
MR. PAXTON.  
\f2\i (Becoming furious)
\f1\i0  You are out of line Miss Reynolds. And \
frankly, I am getting sick and tired of having to justify my actions to you. I \
am the teacher here. You are the student. Which means you will show me a\
little respect. Do you understand?\
CARLY.  Yes. It's just that-\
MR. PAXTON.  It's just NOTHING. Starting tomorrow afternoon I will be\
seeing you after school in detention for the rest of the week. Maybe then \
you will learn to stop second guessing everything I do.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CARLY stands stunned. MR. PAXTON turns and exits.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ROSALYN YALOW.  He can't do that!\
BARBARA MCCLINTOCK.  I think he just did.\
ROSALYN YALOW.  Carly, I didn't mean to get you in any more trouble...\
CARLY.  No. 
\f2\i (Optimistically)
\f1\i0  It's okay. I think that actually might have \
helped.\
BARBARA MCCLINTOCK.  Helped? How so? You do know that you have \
detention for the rest of the week, right?\
CARLY.  Yeah. But I think I have an idea. 
\f2\i (Snapping to life)
\f1\i0  I've got to go get \
a few things. Gather everyone else up, and wait here for me. I'll be right \
back.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CARLY runs off stage before BARBARA or \
ROSALYN can even protest. They look at each \
other and shrug.)\
\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\b \cf0                               8. Library - Thirty Minutes Later\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0 \cf0 LIGHTS UP on HEDY LAMARR, ROSALIND FRANKLIN, \
BARBARA MCCLINTOCK, and ROSALYN YALOW. They \
are all sitting and standing around a couple of tables\
in the library, impatiently waiting.\
\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  Did she say where she was going?\
ROSALYN YALOW.  No. She just told us to gather everyone up, and then she\
ran off.\
BARBARA MCCLINTOCK.  I'm a bit worried about her.\
ROSALYN YALOW.  I don't know. She seemed pretty excited about \
whatever it was that get her going. \
ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  But you said this Mr. Paxton really laid into her?\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (BARBARA nods.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 HEDY LAMARR.  All because he caught her looking through a little \
notebook?\
BARBARA MCCLINTOCK.  He really didn't like her seeing his notes from \
the interviews.\
ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  But why was she looking at it in the first place?\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (BARBARA looks at ROSALYN.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ROSALYN YALOW.  That would be my fault. I may have slightly encouraged \
that she take a peak.\
ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  Rosalyn...\
ROSALYN YALOW.  I know, I know, but it helped to confirm what we all \
were already thinking.\
BARBARA MCCLINTOCK.  He didn\'92t even bother filling out a single piece \
of information about any of the girls that he interviewed.\
HEDY LAMARR.  So he just dismissed every single girl before they even met \
with him? How has no one else noticed this before?\
BARBARA MCCLINTOCK.  He is the sole person responsible for \
interviewing students for the team, and since so many more boys than \
girls try out in the first place, no one even noticed that not a single girl has \
been given a shot.\
ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  Okay, so where is this book now?\
ROSALYN YALOW.  He took it. And probably has already shred it by now if \
he has any brains at all.\
HEDY LAMARR.  Let's not go giving him too much credit, shall we? Isn't it \
best to actually see evidence of something before jumping to too many \
conclusions?\
BARBARA MCCLINTOCK.  So we get it back. Right? We get the book and show it to the \
principal, and then they'll have no choice but to let Carly on the team?\
ROSALYN YALOW.  It's not that simple. The team is already full. \
They'd have to kick someone off to make room.\
HEDY LAMARR.  If anyone was chosen over Carly simply because \
Mr. Paxton doesn't like girls on his STEM team, they don't deserve to be \
there in the first place.\
ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  
\f2\i (Realizing)
\f1\i0  But... how do you prove that.\
BARBARA MCCLINTOCK.  The notebook!\
ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  Shows that Mr. Paxton didn't have much to say \
about his female students. It doesn't prove that she is more deserving or \
qualified.\
HEDY LAMARR.  But she is.\
ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  You know that. And I know that. We all know \
that. But a notebook with a few blank lines won't prove that to someone \
who doesn't know her. It's nothing Mr. Paxton can't easily explain away.\
ROSALYN YALOW.  It would make him look bad, and put pressure on him to\
open the team up to girls in the future.\
ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  Sure. Maybe next year he takes on a girl just to \
prove he isn't showing favoritism. But it won't be Carly. Not after all of this.\
Especially not if she finds a way to steal a notebook from him and turn it in.\
BARBARA MCCLINTOCK.  It's still the right thing. Even if it doesn't get Carly \
what she wants. What she deserves. If it opens the door for the next girl in \
her shoes, shouldn't she at least try?\
ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  But how is that fair to Carly?\
HEDY LAMARR.  It isn't, but Barbara's right. It may not have been a walk in\
the park for any of us to get to where we did, but I bet it would have been a\
hundred times more difficult if those who came before us decided that it\
wasn\'92t worth the struggle. Each of us benefited from a history of women \
standing up for what was right. Just as many today benefit because hard \
working and determined women like Barbara and Rosalyn kept grinding\
away, despite being told they were wrong. Because women like you and me\
stuck by our work, even when it was ripped away from us. I want Carly to\
get what she deserves just as much as the rest of you, but if we can\'92t help \
her find a way onto that team, the least we can do is help her make sure\
that the next girl in line has a little less obstacles in her path.\cf1 \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CARLY enters with a laptop, \
some wires, and a few books.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CARLY.  Well let's hope that I don't have to make that choice.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (They all turn to look at CARLY.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  Carly! Where have you been? Is everything alright?\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CARLY begins to set up her computer \
while talking with the team.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CARLY.  Everything is great. I think I figured out a way to get on the team.\
BARBARA MCCLINTOCK.  Really? How?\
CARLY.  We've been looking at this all the wrong way.\
ROSALYN YALOW.  How so?\
CARLY.  We've been working on the assumption that there was a specific \
and logical reason that Mr. Paxton was not letting me on the team.\
HEDY LAMARR.  I'm not sure that we ever really considered logic to be \
one of Mr. Paxton's strongest features.\
CARLY.  But that's it! I have. I've been thinking this whole time, that the \
head of a science team, must be rational and calculating. And as much, I \
have been trying to appeal to him with such in return. \
ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  And it hasn't worked.\
CARLY.  
\f2\i (Excitedly) 
\f1\i0 And it hasn't worked!\
ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  You lost me.\
CARLY.  Did you know that most schools have been evolving their science \
curriculum from STEM to STEAM? The A standing for arts of course.\
HEDY LAMARR.  Adding arts to their science departments?\
CARLY.  Precisely. The thought is that science needs ingenuity to thrive. \
That without abstract thought and creativity, science is forced to live in a \
vacuum, just repeating the same process over and over.\
ROSALIND FRANKLIN.  How exactly does this help your situation?\
CARLY.  Let's just say that I have decided to get a little creative and put \
some of my other talents to use.\
\
 \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0                        9. Mr. Paxton\'92s Room - The Next Afternoon\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0 \cf0 LIGHTS UP on MR. PAXTON at his desk. He is looking \
at his computer as CARLY walks in. He looks at her, \
and then gestures to an open seat in the classroom. \
CARLY takes her seat and puts her backpack on her \
table. She sits quietly staring straight ahead. MR. \
PAXTON shoots a few glances her way, but neither \
say a word. After a long while of nothing being said, \
MS. ALEXANDRIA pokes her head in the room.\
\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MS. ALEXANDRIA.  Mr. Paxton? There seems to be a- 
\f2\i (Noticing CARLY)
\f1\i0  Oh, \
hello Carly! What are you doing here?\
MR. PAXTON.  She, is serving out detention for disrespecting faculty. Now\
was there something I can help you with, Ms. Alexandria?\
MS. ALEXANDRIA.  Oh, yes! 
\f2\i (Smiling at CARLY)
\f1\i0  Sorry, I get a bit distracted \
from time to time. My mind is like an old lighthouse, always shining, but \
not always in the right direction. You know what I mean?\
MR. PAXTON.  I'm sure that I don't. Now what was it that I could help you \
with?\
MS. ALEXANDRIA.  Right! I was just in the front office, and since they knew \
that I'd be coming this way, asked if I could let you know that you have an \
urgent phone call.\
MR. PAXTON.  If it was so urgent, why didn't they just page me over the \
intercom?\
MS. ALEXANDRIA.  You got me! I'm just delivering the message. See you \
later! 
\f2\i (Quietly)
\f1\i0  You too, Carly!\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MS. ALEXANDRIA quickly backs out before MR. \
PAXTON can say anything else. He stands and \
makes towards the door.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MR. PAXTON.  I will only be gone for a few minutes. You are to stay in your\
seat and wait for me to return. Do you understand me? \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CARLY nods.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MR. PAXTON.  If I discover that you so much as walked to throw something\
away, you will get another day's detention for every inch you step. Now \
take out your homework and get started. You're going to be here for \
awhile.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Without waiting, MR. PAXTON exits the room. \
The second he is away, CARLY springs to action. \
She takes her laptop from her bag and starts \
typing away at it furiously. She plugs something \
in and attaches it to the computer. After some \
more typing, she gets up and walks to the door \
and peers out. CARLY steps back in the room and\
moves to MR. PAXTON's desk and starts flipping \
through his papers and notebooks. She can't seem \
to find what she is looking for.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CARLY.  Come on, come on, where are you?\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CARLY continues to search around desperately \
when MR. PAXTON returns.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MR. PAXTON.  I have no idea what that batty libr-\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CARLY freezes in place. She is caught with papers \
and notebooks in her hands. MR. PAXTON is furious.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MR. PAXTON.  Have you learned nothing?\
CARLY.  I.. Uh.. was.. I.. um.. was just looking for-\
MR. PAXTON.  
\f2\i (Mockingly)
\f1\i0  I.. Uh.. was.. I.. um.. 
\f2\i (Straight) 
\f1\i0 were looking for \
what? This?\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 (
\f2\i MR. PAXTON shows that he had his briefcase on \
him the entire time.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MR. PAXTON.  Was that your big plan? Get your little librarian friend to \
come in here and make up some excuse about an urgent call so that you \
could try and rummage through my belongings... Again?\
CARLY.  I wasn't rummaging, I was looking for something specific.\
MR. PAXTON.  For what? My notebook? And what exactly did you plan on \
doing with that?\
CARLY.  
\f2\i (Hesitantly)
\f1\i0  I was going to show it to Principal Swanson. Show her\
why I really didn't make the team.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 (MR. PAXTON continues to look furious for a \
long beat, and then breaks into laughter.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 MR. PAXTON.  Is that all? 
\f2\i (Throwing the notebook on the desk)
\f1\i0  Here. Go \
ahead. By all means, steal my "secret" notebook and show Principal \
Swanson just all the bad things I wrote about you.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CARLY doesn't move.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MR. PAXTON.  Oh. What's that? I didn't actually write anything bad about \
you? What could that possibly mean?\
CARLY.  We both know it means you were never intended to give me a \
chance in the first place.\
MR. PAXTON.  Because of course it couldn't mean that you weren't just \
good enough, right? That you, little miss Carly Reynolds, might just not \
have what it takes to be a scientist. Right?!\
CARLY.  
\f2\i (Hurt)
\f1\i0  If that were the case, then you would hav-\
MR. PAXTON.  Oh, spare me the old wounded little girl routine. It isn't \
fooling anyone. I've seen it a hundred times before, and I'm sure I'll see it a\
hundred more from students like you.\
CARLY.  Students like me?\
MR. PAXTON.  Yes. Students like you. Little girls who come in here, and \
think that they are entitled to whatever it is that they want just because \
"women's lib" happened fifty years ago. Well I've got news for you, Honey. \
I'm not buying it. You aren't getting special treatment from me just because\
you cry when someone tells you no.\
CARLY.  I don't want special treatment. I just want to be given the same \
opportunity as everyone else. I want what is fair.\
MR. PAXTON.  What's fair? If things were fair, I would be tenured at a \
university somewhere, instead of stuck teaching foundational scientific \
principles to a group of ungrateful tweens for scraps. If fairness mattered, \
I wouldn't have been passed over again and again by woman after woman\
 just so some chemistry department could meet  their gender quota.\
CARLY.  But it's not just women.\
MR. PAXTON.  What?\
CARLY.  Those departments, they aren\'92t run by only women. They still have \
men, don't they? You were also passed over by all those men! You're just \
taking it out on the women because you can't come to terms with what it \
all really means. That you were the one who wasn't good enough.\
MR. PAXTON.  I wasn't good enough?\
CARLY.  No. You weren't. And you still aren't. And the only way you know \
how to deal with that sense of failure is to treat female students how you \
believe you were once treated. Except the only difference is whereas I was \
never even given the chance to succeed, you, on the other hand, were, yet \
you still failed anyway.\
MR. PAXTON.  
\f2\i (Yelling)
\f1\i0  I did not fail! 
\f2\i (Slamming hand on the desk)
\f1\i0  They \
stole it from me!\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CARLY jumps a little, but holds her ground.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CARLY.  Have you heard enough yet? 
\f2\i (Looking to her computer)
\f1\i0  Please tell \
me someone was watching this.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MR. PAXTON looks around to \
see what CARLY is talking about.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MR. PAXTON.  What are you-\
MRS. SWANSON (V.O.).  Mr. Paxton, please report directly to my office.\
MR. PAXTON.  Mrs. Swanson? I'm sort of in the mid-\
MRS. SWANSON (V.O.).  I know exactly what you are in the middle of. I can \
see you from the webcam across the room. Now please leave Miss \
Reynolds alone, and come see me in my office. Immediately.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MR. PAXTON looks around a bit confused. Still not \
entirely sure what is going on. He straightens his tie, \
re-composes himself, and then wanders out of the \
room. CARLY takes a deep breath of relief.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\b \cf0                     10. Back of Library - The Next Afternoon\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0 \cf0 LIGHTS UP on an empty library. There is a package\
on one of the tables. CARLY enters with her arms \
full of books. She begins shelving them into their \
spots on the bookshelf. After a few moments, she \
notices the package and investigates it. She looks \
around to see whom it may be from, but sees no one.\
\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CARLY.  \'93To Carly, From Your Biggest Fan.\'94\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CARLY opens the package to discover another book.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 \'93Hypatia of Alexandria\'94?\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CARLY looks at the back of the book and then opens\
it. After a few moments, MS. ALEXANDRIA, now \
HYPATIA enters, dressed in ancient robes.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MS. ALEXANDRIA.  I see you received my package.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CARLY does not startle, but turns to see \
MS. ALEXANDRIA.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CARLY.  So you can see all of the other women, too.\
MS. ALEXANDRIA.  I never said that I couldn't.\
CARLY.  You also never said that you were... 
\f2\i (Looking at back of book)
\f1\i0  over sixteen hundred years old!\
MS. ALEXANDRIA.  We all have a few of our own little secrets.\
CARLY.  Little? You know, for a librarian, you sure play fast and loose with the definitions of words.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MS. ALEXANDRIA sits down next to CARLY.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MS. ALEXANDRIA.  I was never really big in the languages. I was always more interested in Math and Astronomy.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CARLY looks back at the book. Beat.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MS. ALEXANDRIA.  So, what\'92s next for Carly Reynolds?\
CARLY.  Well, after yesterday\'92s events, Principal Swanson called in my parents, and the four of us had a long hard talk this afternoon.\
MS. ALEXANDRIA.  A positive one, I hope?\
CARLY.  Mostly. Turns out that even when you\'92re in the middle of catching your teacher in a full fledged misogynistic rant, the school district still isn\'92t too keen on students hijacking the school feed to record one of their employees.\
MS. ALEXANDRIA.  You don\'92t say? 
\f2\i (Beat.)
\f1\i0  I hope you aren\'92t in too much trouble?\
CARLY.  No. Considering the circumstances, they pretty much just made me promise to never do that again, while they take the opportunity to upgrade their security software for the first time in the past decade.\
MS. ALEXANDRIA.  That\'92s probably for the best.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CARLY nods.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MS. ALEXANDRIA.  I also heard that Mr. Paxton was placed on administrative leave for the foreseeable future, which means the STEM team will likely be on hiatus until he comes back. I\'92m sorry that after all this, it seems you\'92re right back to where you started.\
CARLY.  Not exactly... \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MS. ALEXANDRIA gives CARLY a confused look.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MS. ALEXANDRIA.  Oh?\
CARLY.  At our meeting earlier, we talked about what should be done in the spirit of fairness. Principal Swanson offered me a spot on the team, pushing one of the other guys to a reserve spot-\
MS. ALEXANDRIA.   Carly! That\'92s gre-\
CARLY.  BUT... I said no.\
MS. ALEXANDRIA.  You did?\
CARLY.  I did. I told her it has never been about me being given a spot. I just want a chance to earn it. She thought that was a fair demand, and agreed to hold new interviews for the team, as long as they can find an interim coach.\
MS. ALEXANDRIA.  Do they have anyone in mind?\
CARLY.  ...maybe you could do it?\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MS. ALEXANDRIA takes a moment. She is honored.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CARLY.  I know it\'92s more work for you, and that you\'92re technically not a science teacher, but considering what you\'92ve been hiding, I think you\'92d be able to handle it pretty easily.\
MS. ALEXANDRIA.  Can I think about it?\
CARLY.  Of course! No pressure. I just\'85 I think you\'92d be a great STEM team coach.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Beat.)
\f1\i0 \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 MS. ALEXANDRIA.  STEAM.\
CARLY.  Huh?\
MS. ALEXANDRIA.  STEAM team coach. If I were to take the position, and I\'92m not saying that I am, but IF I were, I think it\'92s about time we update things around here a little bit, don\'92t you?\
CARLY.  I like that. 
\f2\i \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 (Beat. MS. ALEXANDRIA hands CARLY the book.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MS. ALEXANDRIA.  Keep it for a bit. You know where it goes.\
CARLY.  Ms. Alexand-... I mean, Hypatia?\uc0\u8232 MS. ALEXANDRIA.  Yes?\u8232 CARLY.  Thank you.\u8232 MS. ALEXANDRIA.  For what?\u8232 CARLY.  For doing all of this. For helping me. For, I don't know, being some sort of magical sciency godmother.\u8232 MS. ALEXANDRIA.  You know that's not really a thing, right?\u8232 CARLY.  Whatever it is. Thank you.\u8232 MS. ALEXANDRIA.  You're welcome. Now go. Get out of here. I have work to do. Believe it or not, I do have other students who need looking after.\u8232 CARLY.  I think I might stick around here for a little bit, if that\'92s okay with you?\u8232 MS. ALEXANDRIA.  Don't stay too late. These will be here when you need them. They aren\'92t going anywhere.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MS. ALEXANDRIA smiles at CARLY. She glances off\
stage and her eyes bug out in shock.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MS. ALEXANDRIA.  I don\'92t know what on earth you are doing up there, but if you don\'92t-\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MS. ALEXANDRIA storms off stage. CARLY sits \
laughing at MS. ALEXANDRIA. After a moment, \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0
\cf0 she closes the book. LIGHTS OUT.)
\f1\i0  
\f2\i \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-7200\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\b \cf0                                                                                                                              THE END
\f2\i\b0 \
}