


\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0     \ul Damsels\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0
\
\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \
\f0\b \cf0 1. Bedtime Story \
    Rose\'92s Bedroom - Night\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0 \cf0 LIGHTS UP on a young girl, ROSE, under covers in bed. \
Her GRANDMOTHER sits in a rocking chair next to her \
bed with a book on her lap. The setting is not modern, \
and could be anytime, anyplace. \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 GRANDMOTHER.  "As he thus spoke, the good dwarfs felt pity for him and gave him the coffin. The prince had his servants carry it away on their shoulders. But-"\
ROSE.  Wait, wait, wait... They just 
\f2\i gave
\f1\i0  Snow White's dead body to a random dude in the woods?\
GRANDMOTHER.  Not a random "dude". To the prince. "But then it happened-"\
ROSE.  No, not "
\f2\i the
\f1\i0 " prince, "
\f2\i a
\f1\i0 " prince. And the dwarfs didn't even know if he was the real deal. They just took his word and 
\f2\i gave
\f1\i0  him their friend's body.\
                
\f2\i (GRANDMOTHER glares at ROSE.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  What?!\
GRANDMOTHER.  Do you want to hear how it ends or not?\
ROSE.  Fine. But if this turns into another one of those "creepy stranger kisses passed out girl and saves her life" stories, I'm throwing that book in the fire and sleeping warmly tonight.\
GRANDMOTHER.  No, no. It's nothing like that.\
ROSE.  It better not be.\
                
\f2\i (GRANDMOTHER waits for a moment. Then \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i continues from where she left off.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 GRANDMOTHER.  "But then it happened that one of them stumbled on some brush, and this dislodged from Snow-White's throat the piece of poisoned apple that she-"\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0                 (ROSE throws herself back into bed and pulls the \
                covers up over her head groaning very loudly.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ROSE.  ARE YOU KIDDING ME?\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0                 (GRANDMOTHER sighs and closes the book patiently.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 GRANDMOTHER.  All right. That's enough for tonight.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0                 (ROSE comes back out.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ROSE.  I'm sorry, Grandmother, but that is ridiculous. Do you not see how ridiculous this is? She lives because some idiot tripped over a tree-\
GRANDMOTHER.  "Stumbled on some brush."\
ROSE.  How is that any better?! Do you really not see anything wrong with this? Every single one of these stories! If they aren't selling the daughter, or locking her away, they're nearly killing her off and having some blundering fool save the day. Half the time not even on purpose. They just, in this case literally, stumble over the way to save the day. \
GRANDMOTHER.  You're the one who keeps asking me to read these to you. I don't know why you do that if you don't want to hear them.\
ROSE.  
\f2\i (Deflated)
\f1\i0  I do want to hear them Grandmother, I just want them to be better. \
                
\f2\i (GRANDMOTHER considers this for a moment, and \
                then stands up and places the book on the nightstand.)\

\f1\i0 GRANDMOTHER. Why don't I leave this here for you to look through. Maybe you'll find something that surprises you.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0                 (GRANDMOTHER leans over and kisses ROSE on the \
                forehead, and tucks her in tightly. GRANDMOTHER exits.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ROSE. 
\f2\i  (To herself)
\f1\i0  I kinda doubt that.\
               
\f2\i  (ROSE rolls over and makes to go to sleep. After a moment \
                of stillness, she quickly turns back and grabs the book \
                GRANDMOTHER left behind and starts skimming through it.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  Prince saves the day... King orders everyone killed...Prince saves another day\'85 
\f2\i (ROSE yawns) 
\f1\i0 And so on and so on... \
               
\f2\i  (ROSE continues to scan through the  book to no avail. \
                After another big yawn, ROSE slowly closes the book and \
                holds it tightly, closes her eyes, and speaks outloud.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  I wish... I just wish that there was a story where the girl, or princess, or whatever, didn't need to be saved. I wish that she could save herself for once. \
           
\f2\i      (ROSE opens one eye and peeks around the room. After seeing \
                no change, she sighs, tosses the book on the chair, and turns over\
                and falls asleep. After a few moments, a wind  picks up, and the \
                lights flicker. It builds up and grows a bit more intense, until just \
                at the final moment: The wind goes silent with LIGHTS OUT.)
\f1\i0 \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 2. In a Witch\'92s House\
Witch\'92s House - Day\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0 \cf0 LIGHTS UP on a WITCH in her house. Against one wall \
is an odd shape underneath a sheet. Next to the sheet a \
WOLF sleeps on the floor. WITCH is circling around a \
cauldron tossing in sprigs and seasoning. She keeps \
referencing a book as she does so.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 \
WITCH.  ...and the last ingredient, some thyme for flavor.\
                
\f2\i (WITCH throws in some thyme. She still has some herbs \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i in her hand. She looks back at her book, then back at her \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i herbs quizzically. She scratches her head.)\

\f1\i0 WITCH.  Well, that can't be good.\
                
\f2\i (WITCH pauses a moment, shrugs, and tosses everything \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i left in her hand into her cauldron and stirs it all together. \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i She lifts the spoon to her mouth and considers it. After a \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i moment, WITCH picks up a bell and rings it. Nothing. She \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i rings it again. WOLF wakes and looks around. WITCH \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i rings it again and doesn't stop. SPY runs in. WOLF settles \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i back down.)\

\f1\i0 WITCH.  Where in fairy's name were you?\
SPY.  I am so very sorry. I was cleaning out the cages in the basement when I he-\
WITCH.  Does it look like I care? \
SPY.  I... I don't kn-\
WITCH.  That was rhetorical! Of course I don't care where you were, or what you were doing. When I ring, you come, understand?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0                 (Silence.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 SPY.  Is that rhetorical too?\
                
\f2\i (WITCH reaches inside of a pouch on her belt, takes a pinch \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i out of it, and throws it in SPY's face. SPY sneezes and turns \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i into SPY SHEEP. WOLF notices instantly and stands up.)\

\f1\i0 WITCH.  Down, Wolf.\
WOLF.  But you said I could have all the sheep I wanted.\
                
\f2\i (WITCH rolls her eyes and takes a spring out of another \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i pouch and gives it to SPY SHEEP.)\

\f1\i0 WITCH.  I know what I said, but we need him at the moment. \
                
\f2\i (SPY SHEEP eats the sprig. WITCH looks on in disgust. SPY SHEEP\

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i turns back into SPY.)\

\f1\i0 WITCH.  You see what happens when you make me mad? Are you happy now?\
SPY.  I can't quite say "happy" is what I am feeling at the moment.\
WITCH.  Good. You know why? Because literally not a single person within a hundred miles cares if you are happy. The only reason you are not in one of those cages with the rest of the men of the kingdom is because you are the Queen's only nephew. I was asked to spare you, but never once did "happy" enter the conversation.\
SPY.  I understand.\
WITCH.  Better. Now I need you to run an errand for me. \
SPY.  Anything!\
WITCH.  I appear to need a few ingredients. I could use some rosemary...\
                
\f2\i (WITCH looks through jars on shelf)\

\f1\i0 WITCH.  I'm also getting low on thyme... lavender... Ooh, and might as well have you grab some hemlock while you're at it. \
WITCH grabs a small pouch off of the wall and hands it to SPY. Long beat.\
WITCH.  Off you go.\
                
\f2\i (SPY realizes he is dismissed, and runs off. WITCH watches \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i him leave. Then turns to WOLF.)\

\f1\i0 WITCH.  I've got a little errand for you too, Wolf.\
WOLF steps up to WITCH.\
WOLF.  Does it involve dinner.\
WITCH.  It sure does. Remember that brat I poisoned in the woods the other day? Take care of the body. I want no evidence I was ever there.\
WOLF.  Gladly.\
                
\f2\i (WOLF exits. WITCH returns to stirring her cauldron. 
\f1\i0  
\f2\i LIGHTS OUT.)\

\f1\i0 \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0  3. Be Careful What You Wish For\
A Random Field - Day\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li90\ri360\sl276\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0 \cf0 LIGHTS UP on ROSE laying on the ground in the middle of \
a field, in the same position that she had been in bed. The \
sun is shining brightly as she slowly wakes up. ROSE looks \
around in a daze, and after a foggy moment, frantically \
realizes she is not in her cozy bed anymore. After realizing \
that she is, in fact, in the middle of a field, and not in her \
bed, she stands up and takes in her surroundings.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ROSE.  Well, this is unexpected.\
                
\f2\i (ROSE takes a few steps to feel the ground. She stands \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i still for a moment, and then closes her eyes and takes \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i a deep breath. SPY enters silently, putting some herbs \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i in a bag. He looks up and notices ROSE. He walks up to\

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i her. ROSE takes another couple of breaths, and then \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i gives herself a small pinch on the arm. ROSE peeks and \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i notices she is still in a field. She closes her eye again, \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i and gives herself a big pinch.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  Ow!\
                
\f2\i (SPY circles around in front of her as ROSE peeks again, \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i while rubbing her arm. This time she sees SPY and jumps \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i back in surprise. SPY jumps back too.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE/SPY.  Ahh!\
ROSE.  What are you doing?!\
SPY.  I'm walking through the meadow. What are 
\f2\i you
\f1\i0  doing? Did you just pinch yourself?\
                
\f2\i (ROSE notices that she is still rubbing her arm from where \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i she just pinched herself twice and stops rubbing.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  It's none of your business what I am doing.\
SPY.  You were pinching yourself.\
ROSE.  No, I wasn't.\
SPY.  You very clearly were.\
ROSE.  Leave me alone.\
                
\f2\i (ROSE turns and starts to walk away, but realizes she has \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i no idea where she is going.)\

\f1\i0 SPY.  We both know you were. The real question is 
\f2\i why
\f1\i0  were you pinching yourself?\
                
\f2\i (ROSE turns to face SPY. )\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  If you must know, I was trying to wake myself up. But it didn't work, so... that's it.\
                
\f2\i (SPY takes this in for a moment.)\

\f1\i0 SPY.  Does it normally?\
ROSE.  What?\
SPY.  Does pinching yourself normally wake you up? I mean it seems like a pretty ineffici-\
ROSE.  I don't know. It's just what you do. You know?\
SPY.  It is not what 
\f2\i I
\f1\i0  do.\
ROSE.  Not "you" as in 
\f2\i you
\f1\i0 , just as in the stories.\
SPY.  Not in any stories that I am familiar with, but anyway, you're wrong.\
ROSE.  I'm wrong?\
SPY.  You're wrong.\
ROSE.  About what?\
SPY.  You said it didn't work, yet here you are. Walking, talking... pinching, and very much awake.\
ROSE.  I'm not- \
                
\f2\i (ROSE takes a deep breath.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  You know what? It was very nice to meet you Mister...\
                
\f2\i (ROSE waits for SPY to fill in his name. He doesn't.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  Okay. Good day.\
                
\f2\i (ROSE walks past SPY, heading in the direction that SPY \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i was heading to. SPY notices this and rushes to cut her off.)\

\f1\i0 SPY.  Haha, hey.. You don't really want to head that way do you?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0                 (ROSE stops and stares at SPY.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ROSE.  No, I was just walking this way for fun.\
SPY.  Uhh... I am not so sure that "fun" is what you would find that way.\
ROSE.  Oh? And what would I find that way?\
SPY.  
\f2\i (Clearly uncomfortable)
\f1\i0  N-nothing. Just a boring old cabin with a boring old lady doing boring old things. Totally not fun. If you want fun-\
SPY turns ROSE around and starts leading her in a different direction.\
ROSE.  
\f2\i (Sarcastically)
\f1\i0  Oh and let me guess. This "boring" old woman is secretly a witch.\
                
\f2\i (SPY stops moving.)\

\f1\i0 SPY.  You've heard of her then?\
ROSE.  And if I knock on her door, she'll invite me inside and turn me into a frog.\
                
\f2\i (ROSE moves out of SPY's grasp and walks back in the \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i direction that she started. SPY is slightly taken aback.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  And I'll be forced to live that way for seven years until I convince a prince to kiss me, and then we'll live happily ever after in his castle.\
SPY.  Prin.. What? No. Where she'll throw you in a pot and eat you. \
ROSE.  
\f2\i (Unphased)
\f1\i0  Oooooo.\
SPY.  Why would a Prince ever kiss a frog? That is perhaps the most absurd thing I've ever-\
                
\f2\i (ROSE stops and turns on SPY.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  RIGHT?! Why would anyone in their right mind kiss a frog just because it tells you to?\
                
\f2\i (SPY stares at ROSE.)\

\f1\i0 SPY.  Do you.. normally talk to frogs?\
ROSE.  NO!\
SPY.  Okay. Good.
\f2\i (Awkward beat)
\f1\i0  Me neither.\
                
\f2\i (ROSE sighs.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  But that's what happens in all the stories, so...\
SPY.  I hope I don't offend, but I think you really need to start reading some better stories.\
ROSE.  Tell me about it.\
SPY.  That aside, I still wouldn't head that way. She's been in a bit of a mood\
recently.  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0                 (ROSE gives up and turns around.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ROSE.  Whatever. You know what? It doesn't really matter what direction I head in anyway, so if it will make you happy, I'll head this way.\
SPY stops. He has fallen in love. While SPY is distracted, ROSE loops around behind SPY and towards the the Witch's House.\
SPY.  Thank you...\
ROSE.  Rose.\
SPY.  Thank you, Rose!\
ROSE.  
\f2\i (Exiting)
\f1\i0  Whatever!\
                
\f2\i (SPY is alone on stage. He heads off in the direction of the WITCH. LIGHTS OUT.)\
\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\b \cf0 4. Rose Meets Snow White\
A Path in a Meadow - Day\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0 \cf0 LIGHTS UP as ROSE walks throw a meadow. As she walks, a \
few HELPING BIRDS begin flying around her head. She waves\
them away, but even more join. She starts moving quickly to \
try and get past them, and as she does, she stumbles over SNOW. \
In doing so, a piece of apple stumbles from SNOW's mouth. \
ROSE falls to the ground. SNOW coughs and sits up. ROSE \
turns and notices SNOW and the piece of apple and groans.\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\li720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ROSE.  You have got to be kidding me!\
SNOW.  Oh, I am sorry. I must have taken a little nap. 
\f2\i (Looking around)
\f1\i0  right here.. in the middle of a path. That's a bit odd.\
ROSE.  Snow White, I presume?\
SNOW.  No need to be so formal. You can call me Snow. That's what all my friends call me.\
ROSE.  You mean the dwarfs?\
SNOW.  
\f2\i (Excitedly)
\f1\i0  You know them too? 
\f2\i (Realizing) Knew
\f1\i0  them.\
ROSE.  I'm familiar. 
\f2\i (beat)
\f1\i0  Wait, what do you mean, "
\f2\i knew"
\f1\i0 ? What happened to them? Where are they?\
SNOW.  Well that's just it, I don't know. I was out looking for them when.. I don't know. I must have gotten tired and laid down. \
                
\f2\i (SNOW is still trying to piece together what happened.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  I'm sure that's exactly what happened. Now, if you'll excuse me, I need to find a way out of this place.\
                
\f2\i (ROSE starts walking away, when HELPING \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i BIRDS come flying back in at her. They push 
\f1\i0  
\f2\i her back towards SNOW.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  What do you want? Get off of me? 
\f2\i (To Snow) 
\f1\i0 Are these things with you?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0                 (SNOW doesn't appear to be paying attention.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 SNOW.  
\f2\i (To herself)
\f1\i0  I think there was a sweet old lady giving out apples. I was quite hungry and then...\
                
\f2\i (SNOW notices a half eaten apple on the \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i ground and picks it up.)\

\f1\i0 SNOW.  Still am actually. That must have been a 
\f2\i long
\f1\i0  nap.\
                
\f2\i (SNOW wipes off the apple and moves to take a bite from it. \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i ROSE, seeing what she is about to do, swats it from her hand.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  What are you doing? That's a 
\f2\i poison
\f1\i0  apple. You didn't fall asleep. That "sweet old lady" tried to kill you.\
SNOW.  Oh. OH!\
                
\f2\i (SNOW pushes the apple away in disgust.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  Do you normally just put things in your mouth that you find on the ground?\
SNOW.  Yes? Where else would I get it from?\
ROSE.  I don't know the store? Oh, right. I guess that's not 
\f2\i that
\f1\i0  weird for you...\
SNOW.  What's a store?\
ROSE.  It's nothing. Nevermind. Still, you need to be more careful who you trust.\
SNOW.  
\f2\i (Sincerely)
\f1\i0  If you say so.\
ROSE.  No, not if I say so. You need to think through things. You don't know me at all. Why would you just take my advice? \
SNOW.  
\f2\i (Decidedly)
\f1\i0  You're right.\
                
\f2\i (ROSE throws her hands up and starts to walk away.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  I give up!\
SNOW.  No wait! Please don't leave.\
ROSE.  I don't have time for this!\
SNOW.  Please!\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0                 (HELPING BIRDS come flying in at ROSE \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0                 
\f2\i again, and she stops.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  Ok. You can come with me if you want, but I really am in a hurry.\
                
\f2\i (SNOW jumps up and cheers.)\

\f1\i0 SNOW.  Thank you, thank you, thank you! I promise I won't slow you down at all.\
ROSE.  You better not.\
                
\f2\i (They start walking off. The scene changes around them. \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i SNOW takes in the new surrounding.)\

\f1\i0 SNOW.  So... where are you headed anyway?\
ROSE.  To the Witch's House through those woods.\
                
\f2\i (SNOW stops dead in her tracks.)\

\f1\i0 SNOW.  Why do you want to go there?\
ROSE.  
\f2\i (Annoyed)
\f1\i0  You said you wouldn't slow me down. Now are you coming or not?\
SNOW.  It's just... I think that might have been who poisoned me?\
                
\f2\i (ROSE doesn't stop.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  Yeah, I figure that is true. She's probably also behind your dwarfs going missing too.\
SNOW.  You think?\
ROSE.  Only one way to find out.\
                
\f2\i (ROSE and SNOW approach the entrance to the woods. \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i Sitting up on a rock is RED, part of her face cloaked in \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i shadow. Neither notices her, but she is keenly watching \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i both of them. Just before they enter, RED speaks up.)\

\f1\i0 RED.  I wouldn't go in there if I were you.\
                
\f2\i (SNOW jumps. ROSE is annoyed at yet another obstacle.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  Oh, and why is that? No, wait, let me guess. A big bad wolf lives in there and he is oh so very hungry. I appreciate the looking out, but I think we'll be fine.\
                
\f2\i (ROSE starts to move into the woods. SNOW stands back, she \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i does not want to go after a wolf.)\

\f1\i0 RED.  I used to think that way too. You see that path over there? That's the very same path I would take twice a week to see my sweet old grandmother. My mother, she warned me not to leave the path. She told me there were dangerous things in these woods, but I thought she was just trying to scare me. But, oh, was I wrong.\
SNOW.  You were?\
                
\f2\i (RED hops down from her perch.)\

\f1\i0 RED.  Very much so. Just a few weeks ago, when I was on my way to visit Granny, I noticed that the flowers were finally starting to break from their wintry sleep, and I saw the most beautiful patch of wildflowers a little ways off the path. But despite all of the warnings from my mother, I decided that I should grab a few for my sweet Granny. I really didn't see what harm it could do. I mean, I could still see the path from the patch after all. But just as I bent over to grab the first flower to start my bouquet, a dark shadow fell over me.  \
                
\f2\i (LIGHTS DIM. WOLF enters, and the scene from the woods \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i is replayed on stage as RED tells the rest of the story.)\

\f1\i0 RED.  Fearing the worst, I turned to see the largest wolf you would ever imagine licking his lips and grinning. I had to think quickly, so without \
giving it a second thought. I threw my basket at the beast and began running. I started to think I was going to make it, but a few steps from the path, I stumbled over something sticking out of the ground and went flying down on my knees. I turned just in time to see the wolf charging at me. I knew I was done for, yet just as I was about to give up any hope of seeing my grandmother ever again, I noticed what I had tripped over.\
                
\f2\i (RED pulls out an old axe from a sheath on her back.)\

\f1\i0 RED.  It had been left on the ground. As if someone had been cutting down a tree, and then suddenly realized they had somewhere else to be. Without even a moment of hesitation, I reached for it and swung it at the now lunging wolf, grazing him on his front leg, but not before he left me with this.\
                
\f2\i (RED pulls back her hood and points to a large scar along \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i the side of her face. ROSE and SNOW lean in to investigate.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  The wolf did that?\
                
\f2\i (RED nods as she re-sheaths her axe.)\

\f1\i0 SNOW.  You know, maybe we would be better off-\
                
\f2\i (There is a loud and distant scream that comes from the \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i woods. Everyone looks in that direction.)\

\f1\i0 SNOW.  What was that?\
RED.  Looks like the wolf found his next victim.\
                
\f2\i (ROSE hesitates for a moment, surprised she is about to say this.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  We need to help her. \
RED.  Have fun.\
                
\f2\i (SNOW looks from ROSE to RED. She takes a slight \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i apologetic step back.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  Are you both serious? Whoever that is needs our help.\
SNOW.  I'm sorry. I'm not the heroic type.\
                
\f2\i (RED sits back down on her rock.)\

\f1\i0 RED.  I have to look out for myself.\
ROSE.  
\f2\i (To RED)
\f1\i0  Where would you be if you didn't just so happen to find that axe lying there? \
                
\f2\i (RED looks away.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  
\f2\i (To SNOW)
\f1\i0  And you, you'd still be lying down poisoned by that apple if I hadn't come along. Now you're both just going to sit here while someone else needs 
\f2\i your 
\f1\i0 help?\
                
\f2\i (RED dismisses ROSE. SNOW is conflicted, but doesn't move.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  You two are unbelievable. \
                
\f2\i (ROSE turns and runs into the woods. SNOW half moves to 
\f1\i0                           \
                
\f2\i stop her but doesn't. She hesitates, and then finally runs in. \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i RED sits there for a moment, then sighs and joins them.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\b \cf0 5. Enter the Queen\
Witch\'92s House - Day\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0 \cf0 A young MAIDEN is chained to a wall. Next to her, WITCH is \
standing holding a small bowl and a wooden spoon. She is \
feeding the MAIDEN, who does not seem to enjoy whatever is \
in the pot.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
WITCH.  There we are. Eat it up my sweet. Need to put some skin on those bones mustn't we?\
                
\f2\i (While WITCH is trying to feed MAIDEN, PRINCE \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i CHARMING enters.)\

\f1\i0 PRINCE CHARMING.  HALT! Thou foul witch! Repent for your misdeeds immediately, and I may just have mercy on your wicked soul!\
                
\f2\i (WITCH considers this for a moment, and then instantly \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i mockingly, yet convincingly, defeated.)\

\f1\i0 WITCH.  Oh! My dear Prince Charming, you're right. You're so right! I've led such a wicked life, and I don't deserve your mercy.\
                
\f2\i (PRINCE CHARMING hesitates. This is not how he expected \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i things to go. He relaxes a little bit. Still very confused.)\

\f1\i0 PRINCE CHARMING.  Well... if I say you should have it, then... well... then you should have it.\
WITCH.  As you wish my liege!\
                
\f2\i (WITCH bows to him, but does so very feebly. She grabs her back in pain.)\

\f1\i0 WITCH.  Oooohh!\
                
\f2\i (WITCH pretends to throw out her back. PRINCE \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i CHARMING rushes to her side to help.)\

\f1\i0 PRINCE CHARMING.  Are you okay?\
WITCH.  Oh.. Oh yes. I'll be fine. I just needed you to come a little closer.\
                
\f2\i (PRINCE CHARMING is very confused. WITCH takes some \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i powder from her pouch and throws it in his face. He \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i sneezes and turns into SHEEP CHARMING.)\

\f1\i0 PRINCE CHARMING.  Baaaaaaaaaaa.\
                
\f2\i (WITCH stands up straight with ease, stretches, and pats \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i SHEEP CHARMING on the head. SPY enters.)\

\f1\i0 SPY.  Um, I'm so very sor-\
                
\f2\i (WITCH wheels around on him enraged.)\

\f1\i0 WITCH.  HOW MANY TIMES HAVE I TOLD YOU NOT TO BOTHER ME DURING MEALS?!\
                
\f2\i (SPY backs up in fear.)\

\f1\i0 SPY.  I k-k-kn-nnow Your Wickedness, bu-b-bbut-\
WITCH.  But what? Do you remember what I said was going to happen if you interrupted me again?\
SPY.  Y-yess m-mm-y-\
WITCH.  And what did I say was going to happen?\
SPY.  You s-s-sss-aid you were go-g-g-gon-nna turn me into a f-f-rf-fr-\
WITCH.  A what?\
SPY.  A f-fr-frog.\
                
\f2\i (WITCH feigns shock. SPY notices SHEEP CHARMING.)\

\f1\i0 WITCH.  
\f2\i I
\f1\i0  said that? I would never do something like that to you.\
                
\f2\i (SPY is relieved.)\

\f1\i0 SPY.  No?\
WITCH.  Not at all. Frogs are for stew. You wouldn't taste very well I'd imagine. I think something from the rodent family would be much more fitting for you.\
                
\f2\i (WITCH begins to move menacingly towards SPY. Just \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i before she gets to him, QUEEN enters.)\

\f1\i0 QUEEN.  Oh do leave the poor little guy alone. Unfortunately he was cursed with his father's spine. Regardless, it's not like he had very much choice in the matter. 
\f2\i I
\f1\i0  sent him in.\
                
\f2\i (WITCH notices QUEEN and backs away from SPY.)\

\f1\i0 WITCH.  
\f2\i (To SPY)
\f1\i0  Leave. Now.\
                
\f2\i (WITCH gestures towards SHEEP CHARMING. SPY grabs \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i SHEEP
\f1\i0  
\f2\i CHARMING, and runs off quickly. QUEEN strolls \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i around the room taking it all in.)\

\f1\i0 QUEEN\
Remind me to get the name of your decorator. 
\f2\i (beat)
\f1\i0  The kingdom could use a good beheading.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0                 (QUEEN notices MAIDEN chained to the wall.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 QUEEN.  Hopefully, I'm not... interrupting.\
WITCH.  No. No. Not at all. Just preparing dinner.\
                
\f2\i (WITCH throws a sheet over MAIDEN.)\

\f1\i0 WITCH.  Nevermind that. What are you doing here? I thought we decided that it was best not to be seen with each other. What would the Kingdom say if-\
QUEEN.  Do you dare lecture me on my Kingdom? I don't tell you how much Newt's Tail to put in your.. recipes, do I?\
                
\f2\i (While saying this, QUEEN is absently playing with an \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i amulet around her neck. WITCH is very aware of it.)\

\f1\i0 WITCH.  No.\
QUEEN.  Then why don't we each stick to what we know best, shall we?\
WITCH.  Very well. What can I help you with, Your Majesty.\
QUEEN.  That's more like it. I'm 
\f2\i here
\f1\i0  because I think there is something wrong with that looking glass you gave me.\
WITCH.  Impossible.\
QUEEN.  You keep saying that. Yet, when I checked on it this afternoon, it still seems to think Snow White is the fairest in the land.\
WITCH.  Snow White?\
QUEEN.  Yes. You know, the one you promised me just last night that had been taken out of the picture... permanently? \
WITCH.  Oh, 
\f2\i that
\f1\i0  Snow White.\
QUEEN.  Yes! 
\f2\i THAT
\f1\i0  Snow White. And what's worse, when I continued to ask the glass who was the most clever in the land, someone new popped up. \
WITCH.  Oh?\
QUEEN.  Oh. What do you know of this new "Rose" girl parading through the woods like she owns the place?\
WITCH.  She's nothing. You don't need to worry about her even a little. She'll be taken care of, trust me.\
QUEEN.  That's just the thing. I don't trust you. I didn't before any of this, and I surely don't now. You're a necessity and nothing more. But if you can't even do this one little thing for me, then I am not so sure you're even that.\
WITCH.  But Your Ma-\
QUEEN.  But NOTHING! 
\f2\i (Grabbing her amulet) 
\f1\i0 Or do you need a reminder of just what I am capable of. 
\f2\i (Holding it out at WITCH)
\f1\i0  Just a few words and I could have you begging for me to spare you.\
                
\f2\i (WITCH cowers back. She is terrified of the amulet.)\

\f1\i0 WITCH.  That won't be necessary. Please Your Majesty. I'll do whatever you ask.\
                
\f2\i (QUEEN pauses, and then releases the amulet.)\

\f1\i0 QUEEN.  You have until the end of the day to bring me both Snow White and this new Rose, or I'll be the one feeding 
\f2\i you
\f1\i0  to the rodents.\
QUEEN backs up and composes herself. Elegant as ever. Looking at the space again.\
QUEEN.  You really ought to do something about this place. It is genuinely disgusting in here.\
                
\f2\i (QUEEN makes a disgusted face and leaves the way \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i she came. WITCH moves back to MAIDEN and removes \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i the sheet. Never taking her eye off the door where QUEEN \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i walked out.)\

\f1\i0 WITCH.  Where were we.\
                
\f2\i (LIGHTS OUT.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\b \cf0 6. Safe by a Hair\
In the Woods - Day\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0 \cf0 LIGHTS UP in the woods. ROSE, SNOW, and RED come running in.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri360\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
RED.  I think it came from over here.\
                
\f2\i (SNOW starts looking around the ground for clues. \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i RED looks between the trees. ROSE takes in the area. \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i SNOW finds some pieces of bread on the ground and \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i starts collecting them. ROSE notices. SNOW puts a \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i piece in her mouth.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  Snow, what did we just say about picking food off the ground and eating it?\
SNOW.  Bread.\
ROSE.  Excuse me?\
SNOW.  I thought it looked a little out of place. It's bread!\
ROSE.  And what if you were wrong? It could have been a poisonous mushroom or something!\
                
\f2\i (SNOW looks deflated. ROSE lightens up, and then \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i notices what SNOW stumbled onto.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  It's a trail.\
RED.  What?\
ROSE.  Look, it's a trail of breadcrumbs!\
RED.  Why would there be a trail of breadcrumbs in the middle of the forest?\
                
\f2\i (ROSE ignores the question.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  Snow, where did the trail start?\
                
\f2\i (SNOW shows ROSE where she found them. ROSE investigates.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  Well this way they trail off back towards the meadow... but if we follow it this way we...\
RED.  What are you doing?\
                
\f2\i (ROSE follows it up to a tree and stops. She signs to the others to be quiet.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  Hansel?\
                
\f2\i (Nothing. ROSE realizes her mistake.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  Gretel?\
                
\f2\i (GRETEL peeks her head from behind the tree.)\

\f1\i0 GRETEL.  How did you know I was here? Do I know you? How do you know Hansel? Have you seen him?\
ROSE.  Woah, woah.. calm down. We heard a scream and came looking for you.\
GRETEL.  Oh, yeah. That was me. I thought I saw something back there, which made me scream, and then I was afraid that my scream would draw it closer, so I hid, and then I heard you coming and thought maybe you were\
her, so I-\
ROSE.  "Her" who?\
                
\f2\i (GRETEL takes in the group, trying to decide if she should tell them.)\

\f1\i0 GRETEL.  The witch.\
SNOW.  Oh...\
ROSE.  You've seen her?\
                
\f2\i (GRETEL nods.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  Do you know where she is?\
                
\f2\i (GRETEL hesitantly shakes her head.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  Gretel, I'm Rose. This here is Snow. And this is-\
RED.  You can call me Red.\
ROSE.  Red. Yes. We're actually looking to find the witch. We think she may have something to do with Snow's missing friends.\
GRETEL.  Her basement is full of people.\
RED.  You were in the witch's basement and made it out?\
                
\f2\i (RED is impressed.)\

\f1\i0 SNOW.  Did you see a group of dwarfs? They were probably whistling a whole lot?\
GRETEL.  I really wasn't down there long. My brother Hansel and I stumbled across her house when we were trying to find our way home.I saw that there were a bunch of people locked up downstairs, and I knew we needed to get out of there as fast as we could, but then she found us. We turned to run, and I didn't stop running until I could no longer breathe. I thought we had made it until I looked around and noticed that I was alone. Hansel must have been caught by her, and I didn't even notice.\
RED.  Why didn't you go back in for him?\
GRETEL.  I wanted to! But by the time I noticed, I was lost! I've been trying to find my way back ever since. \
ROSE.  How long ago was that?\
GRETEL.  Three days ago.\
SNOW.  And you've been out here for that long, lost, by yourself?\
                
\f2\i (GRETEL nods.)\

\f1\i0 GRETEL.  I just found Hansel's breadcrumb trail this morning, and I started following it. I figured either way it would lead me back to him, or home where I could find help.\
Suddenly there is a loud snapping of a branch. They all look around.\
RED.  What was that?\
                
\f2\i (They all move closer to each other.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  Hello? Is anyone out there?\
GRETEL.  
\f2\i (Whispering)
\f1\i0  It's her!\
Another crack, from the other side.\
ROSE.  Whoever is out there, show yourself. We might be able to help you?\
                
\f2\i (WOLF steps out from a direction that no one is looking at.)\

\f1\i0 WOLF.  Oh, I have no doubt that you can help me.\
ROSE.  We don't want any trouble.\
WOLF.  Well that's unfortunate, because trouble is exactly what you're about to get.\
ROSE.  What do you want.\
WOLF.  So many things. Originally, I only came for a little snack. I heard that there was a nice tasty treat asleep in the meadow. imagine my disappointment to only find a half eaten apple instead. But now...\
                
\f2\i (WOLF begins to circle its prey.)\

\f1\i0 WOLF.  
\f2\i (Staring at GRETEL)
\f1\i0  How pleased she's going to be with me now that I've found her little escapee. 
\f2\i (To ROSE)
\f1\i0  I'm sure she'll be thrilled to have you right along with her.\
                
\f2\i (WOLF stalks around to behind RED.)\

\f1\i0 WOLF.  But you... you I am going to keep for myself. I think a little payback might be in order. \
                
\f2\i (RED reaches into SNOW's hand and takes some breadcrumbs.)\

\f1\i0 RED.  Has anyone ever told you what big eyes you have?\
WOLF.  Ah, the better to see you with.\
RED.  See, I would think it makes for a bigger target.\
                
\f2\i (RED spins and throws the handful of breadcrumbs \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i into WOLF's eyes. WOLF is temporary blinded and \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i begins swatting blindly for anyone.)\

\f1\i0 RED.  RUN!\
              \i  They all run while WOLF is left alone howling in pain. \
                
\f2 ROSE, RED, GRETEL and SNOW run across stage and \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i almost into a tower.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  Here. Let's hide in here.\
SNOW.  
\f2\i (Searching
\f1\i0 ) I don't see any door, do any of you?\
ROSE.  No. I don't.\
GRETEL.  Look, there is a window up there. It's too high though. \
RED.  Maybe we can climb a tree and cross over on a branch?\
ROSE.  Too far. They don't reach.\
SNOW.  Maybe if I can get enough of my helpers, they can take us one by one?\
                
\f2\i (SNOW turns to her HELPING BIRDS. They begin to \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i flutter about and group up near RED and GRETEL.)\

\f1\i0 RED.  If a single one of your pigeons lays a feather on me, I'll be eating stew for a week.\
                
\f2\i (HELPING BIRDS split apart. After a beat, there is a \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i howl from the woods. RED unsheathes her axe and \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i turns toward the howl.)\

\f1\i0 RED.  Get behind me. I've got this.\
                
\f2\i (Humming is heard softly from in the tower. ROSE figures it out.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  Shh. Do you hear that? \
                
\f2\i (They all listen.)\

\f1\i0 GRETEL.  Is that someone humming?\
RED.  I can't hear anything over the noise of those flying rodents.\
                
\f2\i (HELPING BIRDS settle down near SNOW.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  I think I know what this is.\
                
\f2\i (Peering up to the window
\f1\i0 .
\f2\i )\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  Hello? Is anyone up there?\
                
\f2\i (The humming stops. RAPUNZEL sticks her head out the window.)\

\f1\i0 RAPUNZEL.  Oh! Hello down there!\
ROSE.  Hello! Is ther-\
RAPUNZEL.  How are you all doing on this beautiful day?\
ROSE.  Good. But we're in a bit of trouble down here. Is there an-\
SNOW.  Wow. I love your hair. I've always wanted to grow mine long.\
ROSE.  
\f2\i (To SNOW)
\f1\i0  Not now. 
\f2\i (To RAPUNZEL)
\f1\i0  Would it at all be poss-\
                
\f2\i (A louder howl is heard.)\

\f1\i0 RED.  It's coming!\
ROSE.  Oh for fairy's sake. Rapunzel, Rapunzel, let down your hair!\
                
\f2\i (RAPUNZEL is shocked for a moment. Then she realizes what is going on and \

\f1\i0                
\f2\i throws down her hair. One by one,
\f1\i0  
\f2\i SNOW, then GRETEL, then ROSE, and lastly \

\f1\i0                
\f2\i RED climb up RAPUNZEL's hair and enter the tower. They pull it up just as the \

\f1\i0                
\f2\i WOLF comes into view. They all duck away from the window. After a few \

\f1\i0                
\f2\i moments, they relax.)\

\f1\i0 RAPUNZEL.  If I may ask, what was that all about?\
ROSE.  Evil Witch sent a murderous wolf to eat us.\
RAPUNZEL.  I see. I see. 
\f2\i (beat)
\f1\i0  Why would she do that?\
GRETEL.  Because she's a witch.\
RAPUNZEL.  Right. Gotcha. 
\f2\i (longer beat)
\f1\i0  And is that something witches do?\
RED.  Yeah. Most witches are pretty big on the whole torture and killing thing. It's sorta what they're known for.\
RAPUNZEL.  Well, not 
\f2\i all
\f1\i0  witches, right? I know a witch, and she's my best friend.\
SNOW.  I guess I don't know about all of them. I've only met one, but she's tried to kill me quite a few times.\
GRETEL.  One tried to eat me and my brother. \
                
\f2\i (RAPUNZEL looks to ROSE for confirmation.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  I'm sorry. I kind of think in this area, there is only one witch, and she's... well she's not the nicest person it seems. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri367\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs20 \cf0               
\fs24   
\f2\i (RED looks out the window.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri367\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 RED.  I think we should head back down now. The Wolf seems to have kept moving.\
RAPUNZEL.  That can't be true.\
RED.  It is. I think it-\
RAPUNZEL.  Not the wolf. The witch. The witch I know would never try to kill anyone. She is nice to everyone.\
GRETEL.  Have you seen her around anyone else?\
RAPUNZEL.  Well n-\
ROSE.  Rapunzel, have you ever asked why you're locked up here? All by yourself?\
RAPUNZEL.  To keep me safe.\
SNOW.  Safe from what?\
RAPUNZEL.  I don't... know.\
ROSE.  I'm sorry to be the one to tell you this, but your friend, the witch? She stole you from your parents when you were a kid, and hid you up here to punish them.\
RAPUNZEL.  No. That can't be. She wouldn't do that.\
RED.  If we want to get out of the forest before it gets dark, we need to leave.\
GRETEL.  How will we get back down.\
SNOW.  The same way we came up. \
ROSE.
\f2\i   (To Rapunzel)
\f1\i0  If you don't believe me, come with us. We're on our way to see your friend right now. Ask her for yourself.\
RAPUNZEL.  I don't know if that's such a good idea.\
RED.  Suit yourself!\
ROSE.  Trust us. We'll show you.\
                
\f2\i (Everyone looks at RAPUNZEL. She looks around at everyone.)\

\f1\i0 RAPUNZEL.  Okay. If only to show you all how wrong you are.\
GRETEL.  Okay, now that she is coming too, how will she get down.\
SNOW.  Well we can tie one part of her hair here...\
                
\f2\i (SNOW ties the end of her hair to the hook on the wall.)\

\f1\i0 SNOW.  And she can-\
                
\f2\i (RED grabs Rapunzel's hair nearer to her head, and \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i slams the axe down on it. It is a clean chop. RAPUNZEL's \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i eyes go wide with horror.)\

\f1\i0 RED.  There we go. Escape rope.\
                
\f2\i (RED climbs down. GRETEL follows. SNOW stops by RAPUNZEL.)\

\f1\i0 SNOW.  It really was beautiful hair.\
                
\f2\i (SNOW climbs down. ROSE leads RAPUNZEL to the\

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i rope and guides her down.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  It'll be okay. It'll grow back, I promise.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri367\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0                 (LIGHTS OUT.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri367\sl276\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\b \cf0 7. Changing Sides\
Witch\'92s House - Day\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri367\sl276\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0 \cf0 LIGHTS UP on MAIDEN all alone in the Witch's House. She is \
obviously incredibly bored. She blows hair out of her face and \
looks around. Finally, SPY enters, slowly. MAIDEN perks up. \
SPY looks for WITCH.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-45\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri367\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 SPY.  
\f2\i (Whispering)
\f1\i0  Is she here? \
                
\f2\i (MAIDEN shakes her head no.)\

\f1\i0 SPY.  I'm going to get you out of here, okay?\
                
\f2\i (SPY begins to free MAIDEN. Once she is free, they start to leave. Just before \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i they get to the exit, WITCH enters.)\

\f1\i0 WITCH.  What do you think you are doing?!\
                
\f2\i (SPY pushes MAIDEN.)\

\f1\i0 SPY.  Go! Run!\
                
\f2\i (WITCH moves to grab after MAIDEN, but SPY gets in her way. MAIDEN flees, \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i but WITCH has SPY.)\

\f1\i0 WITCH.  You just cost me my dinner. I don't care who you are related to, that is going to cost you dearly.\
                
\f2\i (WOLF enters. Empty handed.)\

\f1\i0 WOLF.  They got away.
\f2\i \

\f1\i0 WITCH.  
\f2\i Who
\f1\i0  got away?\
WOLF.  Those girls you sent me after.
\f2\i \

\f1\i0 WITCH.  Those girls? You mean the one girl, who was all but dead on the side of a road. 
\f2\i She
\f1\i0  got away?\
                
\f2\i (WOLF cowers back.)\

\f1\i0 WOLF.  Yes. She was with three others. That little brat who escaped the other day, the one who chopped at me with an axe a few weeks ago, and some new girl, wearing very odd clothes.\
SPY.  Rose?\
WITCH.  
\f2\i (To SPY)
\f1\i0  Shut up, you! One more word and you'll be in my stew before you can even say "ribbit"
\f2\i (To WOLF)
\f1\i0  How could you screw thi- 
\f2\i (Back to SPY)
\f1\i0  Wait, what did you say?\
                
\f2\i (SPY remains silent. He doesn't want to be turned into a frog.)\

\f1\i0 WITCH.  You! Boy. What did you just say.\
                
\f2\i (Nothing.)\

\f1\i0 WOLF.  I think he is afraid that you're trying to trick him into talking so you can eat him for stew.
\f2\i \

\f1\i0 WITCH.  TALK. NOW. Who is this Rose?\
SPY.  No idea. 
\f2\i (Smiling)
\f1\i0  But she seemed to know all about you. And now she's coming to save me. \
WITCH.  And why in fairy's name would she do that?\
SPY.  Because she wants me to be happy. She said it herself.
\f2\i \

\f1\i0 WITCH.  Lock him up, and get ready. Sounds like we're going to have company.\
                
\f2\i (WITCH walks offstage. LIGHTS OUT.)\

\f1\i0 \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri367\sl276\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 8. Almost There\
Along a Path - Day\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri367\sl276\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0 \cf0 LIGHTS UP as the Damsels are crossing the land. MAIDEN \
comes running up from the other direction. She almost runs \
directly into them all.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri367\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
ROSE.  Woah! Are you okay? What are you running from?\
                
\f2\i (MAIDEN only now notices the others she has ran into.)\

\f1\i0 MAIDEN.  The witch!\
                
\f2\i (They all look around to see if WITCH is coming. She is not.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  It's okay. You're okay. We're here to help. \
                
\f2\i (MAIDEN nods rapidly.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  Tell us what happened.\
                
\f2\i (MAIDEN catches her breath.)\

\f1\i0 MAIDEN.  She kept me chained up for the last few days and has been feeding me some awful stew. I think she was trying to fatten me up so she could eat me.\
GRETEL.  Did you see anyone else there?\
MAIDEN.  Yes, but only one. He freed me.\
GRETEL.  What did he look like?\
SNOW.  Was he a dwarf?\
                
\f2\i (MAIDEN shakes her head.)\

\f1\i0 MAIDEN.  He always wore this funny little hat though.\
                
\f2\i (MAIDEN imitates the hat with her hands.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  I think I know who you are talking about.\
MAIDEN.  You have to help him! He set me free, but just as we were leaving, the witch returned, and he stayed behind to save me.\
ROSE.  Of course he did.\
MAIDEN.  Will you help him? Before she turns him into a frog?\
ROSE.  Can you show us the way, and how to get in?\
MAIDEN.  I think so.\
ROSE.  
\f2\i (To the group)
\f1\i0  Last chance. Any of you want to head back, now is the time.\
RED.  Mine as well. We're almost there already. \
GRETEL.  Do you know how to get to the basement.
\f2\i \

\f1\i0 SNOW.  She might have my friends. I need to try. They'd do it for me.
\f2\i \

\f1\i0 RAPUNZEL.  If she really has done all of this stuff, someone needs to stop her.\
ROSE.  Alright then. Let's do this!\
                
\f2\i (LIGHTS OUT. )\

\f1\i0 \
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri367\sl276\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 9. Showdown\
Witch\'92s House - Day\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri367\sl276\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0 \cf0 DAMSELS enter Witch's House. There is a shape underneath \
a sheet on one end. There is also a frog on the table near the \
cauldron.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri367\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
MAIDEN.  Here it is. This is where she kept me locked up for the last few days. Oh, and there he is, I hope he is okay!\
                
\f2\i (MAIDEN is looking at the sheet in the corner. ROSE \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i is staring at the frog on the table.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  There he is, eh?\
MAIDEN.  Yes. Can you save him?\
                
\f2\i (ROSE is flustered.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  Wait.. Why me?\
RED.  You're the one who led us here.\
SNOW.  It 
\f2\i was
\f1\i0  your idea to come all this way after all.\
GRETEL.  I'm here for my brother.\
MAIDEN.  Please? I'll be right behind you.\
ROSE.  Okay! Okay! I'll do it. Just... give me a second.\
                
\f2\i (They all give ROSE a moment while she amps herself up. She walks \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i over to the frog. MAIDEN pulls the sheet off of SPY. The rest of them, \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i including SPY, stare at her in confusion as she picks the frog up, and \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i gives him a big kiss on the mouth. ROSE opens her eyes, entirely \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i disgusted. The frog jumps from her hand and into the cauldron.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  No!\
SPY.  What is it with you and kissing frogs? That is so gross!\
SNOW.  And you yell at me for eating an apple I found by a tree. This somehow seems much worse.\
                
\f2\i (ROSE notices SPY in the corner, and realizes her mistake. RED moves past \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i ROSE and helps unlock SPY.)\

\f1\i0 RED.  That's just wrong.\
RAPUNZEL.  I really should have stayed in my tower.\
ROSE.  Okay, can we all just pretend that didn't happen, for like one second? \
                
\f2\i (They all agree but still give her a weird look.)\

\f1\i0 SNOW.  
\f2\i (To SPY) 
\f1\i0 Have you happened to seen any dwarfs around here? About yay tall?\
                
\f2\i (SNOW puts her hand up to her hip height.)\

\f1\i0 SPY.  Yeah. They are downstairs in the basement.\
GRETEL.  What about my brother?\
SPY.  He should be down there too. Here, I'll show you.\
                
\f2\i (MAIDEN helps SPY towards the basement. RED, SNOW, \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i and GRETEL, all join them. RAPUNZEL stays with ROSE.)\

\f1\i0 RAPUNZEL.  Did the witch really kidnap all of these people?\
                
\f2\i (ROSE nods.)\

\f1\i0 RAPUNZEL.  She was always so nice to me. I just didn't want to believe she could treat other people like this.\
ROSE.  I'm sorry. Sometimes bad people can be good to some, but it doesn't make them any less bad.\
                
\f2\i (RAPUNZEL takes this in. After a moment WITCH comes \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i rushing in with WOLF by her side.)\

\f1\i0 WITCH.  Look who it is.\
                
\f2\i (ROSE and RAPUNZEL jump. RAPUNZEL looks down.)\

\f1\i0 WITCH.  The infamous Rose, I presume? And it looks like she brought along a friend to.\
                
\f2\i (WITCH walks up to RAPUNZEL and raises her face. \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i Her smile disappears instantly when she notices it is \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i RAPUNZEL.)\

\f1\i0 WITCH.  Rapunzel! What happened to your hair? How did you get out of the tower?\
RAPUNZEL.  Did you... did you really do all these mean things they are saying you did?\
                
\f2\i (WITCH coddles RAPUNZEL.)\

\f1\i0 WITCH.  Of course not, my dear. You know I would never hurt anyone.\
RAPUNZEL.  Then you'll let me and my friends go?\
WITCH.  I'm sorry, I can't do that.\
RAPUNZEL.  But why not?\
WITCH.  Well your friends broke into my home. That's not a nice thing to do, is it? I can't just let them go away without being punished. How ever would they learn their lesson?\
                
\f2\i (WITCH motions for WOLF to grab ROSE. )\

\f1\i0 RAPUNZEL.  They won\'92t do it again. I promise. Just let them all go with me, and we'll forget that it ever happened.\
WITCH.  But see, that's where you're mistaken. \
RAPUNZEL.  I am?\
WITCH.  I have no intention of letting you go either.\
                
\f2\i (WITCH grabs RAPUNZEL as WOLF grabs ROSE.)\

\f1\i0 RAPUNZEL.  Let me go!\
                
\f2\i (A group emerges from the basement.)\

\f1\i0 RED.  You heard the lady. Let. Her. Go.\
                
\f2\i (RED moves and grabs WOLF, axe in hand, and \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i throws WOLF down. WITCH releases RAPUNZEL. \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i HANSEL and GRETEL move to grab WITCH.)\

\f1\i0 SPY.  Rapunzel, Rose, follow us. Snow's dwarf friends got hold of some tools and they broke through the back. \
                
\f2\i (QUEEN enters.)\

\f1\i0 QUEEN.  My dear nephew, no one is going anywhere.\
                
\f2\i (Everyone freezes.)\

\f1\i0 QUEEN.  
\f2\i (To WITCH) 
\f1\i0 Where is she?\
WITCH.  Which one?\
QUEEN.  Snow. I'll deal with 
\f2\i this
\f1\i0  one after.\
WITCH.  If your nephew is to be believed, she is apparently tunneling a hole in my basement as we speak.\
                
\f2\i (QUEEN begins to move towards basement. The group steps aside.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  You're never going to be the fairest.\
                
\f2\i (QUEEN freezes. Slowly turns.)\

\f1\i0 QUEEN.  Excuse me?\
ROSE.  That's what you want, right? Well, you're never going to be that.\
QUEEN.  Is that so?\
ROSE.  It is. You'll never be the fairest, or the most clever, or the most loved.\
                
\f2\i (QUEEN steps towards ROSE.)\

\f1\i0 QUEEN.  I am the Queen. I will be whatever I want to be.\
ROSE.  Not this. Isn't that what your mirror keeps telling you?\
                
\f2\i (QUEEN looks to WITCH, then back to ROSE.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  You spend every waking moment of your day trying to knock the rest of us down to your level, just so you don't have to feel so worthless.\
QUEEN.  Who are you calling worthless?!\
                
\f2\i (QUEEN grabs ROSE. ROSE doesn't flinch.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  You treat us like your competition. We're not. If what you truly wanted was to be the best, you'd let our strengths become yours, instead of breaking us all down.\
                
\f2\i (QUEEN takes this in, letting go of ROSE. WITCH shrugs off HANSEL and GRETEL.)\

\f1\i0 WITCH.  Will you shut her up already? Give me a few moments, my Queen, and I'll have them all back in their cages.\
                
\f2\i (QUEEN raises her hand in a "stop" motion.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  Do you know what makes Snow so special? Have you seen the way\
she goes about the world? Trusting all those around her? Helping anyone she comes across in need? You'll never have that unless you realize that true power comes from helping those around you.\uc0\u8203 \
QUEEN.  
\f2\i (To ROSE)
\f1\i0  What do you have in mind.\
WITCH.  You can't possibly be-\
                
\f2\i (QUEEN grabs the amulet and holds it up.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  You could start by letting me and my friends go.\
QUEEN.  That's it?\
ROSE.  Well it's a start. Then you could use your position to start empowering those around you instead of trying to get rid of them.\
                
\f2\i (QUEEN looks at WITCH.)\

\f1\i0 QUEEN.  And what about her?\
                
\f2\i (SPY steps out of the crowd.)\

\f1\i0 SPY.  Aunty Queen, if I may.\
                
\f2\i (SPY reaches into Witch's pouch, and throws some dust in WITCH's face.)\

\f1\i0 WITCH.  Why you little good for- ACHOO!\
                
\f2\i (WITCH turns into a black sheep.)\

\f1\i0 WITCH.  Baaaa. Baaaaa.\
                
\f2\i (WOLF perks up.)\

\f1\i0 SPY.  
\f2\i (Leaning over to WITCH)
\f1\i0  I'd run if I were you.\
                
\f2\i (WITCH SHEEP notices WOLF starting to drool, and \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i runs away. RED let's go of WOLF, and a chase ensues.)\

\f1\i0 QUEEN.  What was that about empowering those around me instead of getting rid of them? \
ROSE.  You need to start with those who have your best interest in mind.\
                
\f2\i (QUEEN nods. She notices RED standing to the side with her axe.)\

\f1\i0 QUEEN.  You know, if you're any good with that, I could use a new Head of the Royal Guard?\
                
\f2\i (QUEEN eyes the entire crowd skeptically.)\

\f1\i0 QUEEN.  Come. I'm sure we can find something for each of you. On a trial basis of course. See how this whole benevolent thing works out.\
                
\f2\i (QUEEN exits. Parade of people follow behind her. SPY and ROSE stay.)\

\f1\i0 SPY.  Thank you for saving me. \
ROSE.  My pleasure.\
SPY.  You know what needs to happen now, right?\
ROSE.  
\f2\i (Confused)
\f1\i0  What needs- No?\
                
\f2\i (SPY leans in.)\

\f1\i0 SPY.  You need to wake up.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri367\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0                 (SPY pinches her.)\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri367\sl276\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\b \cf0 10. Back at Last\
Rose\'92s Bedroom - Morning\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri367\sl276\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0 \cf0 LIGHTS UP back in Rose's Bedroom. GRANDMOTHER stands \
over ROSE, pinching her.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri367\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
GRANDMOTHER.  Come on, Rose, you need to wake up! Ah! She rises!\
ROSE.  
\f2\i (Confused)
\f1\i0  Hu- Wha- Oh.\
GRANDMOTHER.  Well good morning to you too. Looks like you had a little more adventure in you after all.\
                
\f2\i (ROSE looks at the book still in her grasp.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  I guess so.\
                
\f2\i (ROSE looks around the room, as if trying to see if \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i anyone else was there in hiding.)\

\f1\i0 GRANDMOTHER.  You better get out of bed if you want your breakfast to still be warm.\
ROSE.  Was.. Was I just asleep?\
GRANDMOTHER.  You were. Although I would have guessed a coma from how hard it was to wake you.\
                
\f2\i (ROSE just now notices that GRANDMOTHER had been pinching her.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  Did you pinch me?\
                
\f2\i (GRANDMOTHER laughs.)\

\f1\i0 GRANDMOTHER.  Yes, I did.\
ROSE.  Why did you pinch me?\
GRANDMOTHER.  That's what you do to wake someone up, isn't it?\
ROSE.  
\f2\i (Under her breath)
\f1\i0  It's not what 
\f2\i I
\f1\i0  do.\
GRANDMOTHER.  What was that?\
ROSE.  Nothing.\
GRANDMOTHER.  Well get up will you. I'll be downstairs waiting for you.\
ROSE.  
\f2\i (Dazed)
\f1\i0  Yeah. I'll be right there.\
                
\f2\i (GRANDMOTHER moves to leave.)\

\f1\i0 GRANDMOTHER.  Did you find one?\
ROSE.  
\f2\i (Shaking it off)
\f1\i0  Huh? Find one what?\
GRANDMOTHER.  
\f2\i (Pointing at book)
\f1\i0  A story that met your standards?\
                
\f2\i (ROSE looks down at the book and takes a moment.)\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  Yeah. I suppose I did.\
GRANDMOTHER.  Well come tell me all about it.\
                
\f2\i (GRANDMOTHER leaves to head back downstairs. \

\f1\i0                 
\f2\i ROSE opens the book back up and smiles. )\

\f1\i0 ROSE.  I will.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri367\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0             										
\f3\i BLACKOUT\
}