<b><u>FRIENDSHIP DAY</b></u>
<i>(Music. Animal Academy. The playground has a play tunnel, a bench, a cornhole game, and hopscotch. BROOKS enters, with a decorated gift bag under their arm, and scurries around. BROOKS charges through the tunnel, tosses bean bags as if playing the game with abandon, jumps and rolls up on the bench. Hopscotches a bit. Lets out a big, big sigh. ED enters, carrying a decorated gift bag. BROOKS tries to get ED's attention, but ED is listening to music in their earbuds)</i> 
BROOKS. Hey!
<i>(ED looks straight ahead)</i>
BROOKS. Seriously. Ed.
<i>(ED comes to rest inside the tunnel. ED is grooving with the tunes. BROOKS is getting frustrated)</i>
BROOKS. Okay, Ed. I got no choice. 
<i>(BROOKS tosses a piece of candy from their bag, which hits ED)</i>
ED. Ow! Aaagh! What? Why?
<i>(ED takes out one earbud)</i>
BROOKS. Well, you wouldn't answer me. 
ED. I didn't hear you! See? Earbuds?
BROOKS. I needed you to answer me.
ED. What's the emergency? You gave up a red Starburst!
BROOKS. Uh—yeah. Can I have it back?
<i>(ED picks it up and puts it in his bag)</i>
ED. I don't think so. Throwing stuff at people is not good manners. 
BROOKS. Well, not answering people when they talk to you is bad manners, too!
ED. I told you. Earbuds. I did not hear. 
BROOKS. So? Give me back my candy. 
ED. Can't.
BROOKS. Hey!
<i>(BROOKS grabs at ED's gift bag)</i>
ED. Hey! You owe me an apology.
BROOKS. You owe me a Starburst!
<i>(The two students struggle)</i>
ED. I don't owe you, you tossed it.
BROOKS. Let. Go.
ED. You let go. You're breaking it!
BROOKS. You're breaking your own bag! Let go!
ED. No. You're breaking it!
BROOKS. Just. Give. Me. The Candy!
<i>(TORY enters during the kerfuffle. TORY has a red backpack, and wears heart-infused clothes. TORY is singing loudly, something like “You've Got a Friend in Me.” TORY has a red gift bag decorated with their name. TORY sits on the bench. BROOKS and ED stop fighting for a moment and turn to look)</i>
BROOKS. <i>(shivers)</i> Whoa. I can't believe we have a fox in our class…
ED. I know! She's so cool. 
BROOKS. It's not cool.
ED. You're overreacting. You don't even know her yet. You acted just like this when we got a bear classmate. And when there was an eagle… and—
BROOKS. But it's a fox!!
ED. Technically, she's a red fox. Red foxes are known for their intelligence, and their loyalty to their families, and—
BROOKS. Not. In. The mood. For. Another. Ed-speech. What if it was an alligator, or a shark? They love yummy turtles! Yeah. Bet you're scared now.
ED. Oh! You're scared? Of a fox…?
BROOKS. Don't call me scared!
<i>(BROOKS grabs ED's bag, spilling the contents. There are only two Friendship Day cards)</i>
BROOKS. You ate all your candy already?
ED. No.
BROOKS. You only got two Friendship treats?
<i>(ED backs into the tunnel, pulling their head into their shell. TORY opens their backpack and takes out some small red baby bell cheeses)</i>
ED. I got one from the teacher, and one from a mystery student.
BROOKS. That was me. My dad heard that everyone had to give Friendship treats to everyone else, so he made me. You're welcome. 
ED. Right. Thank your dad.
TORY. Okay, cheeses, are you ready for a little excitement? <i>(as the cheeses)</i> Wheee! Whee! Yay!
<i>(TORY tries to juggle the cheeses)</i>
BROOKS. Hey, that fox eats cheese, not… Um—you know—smaller animals…
ED. If I was a hedgehog, I would be scared.
BROOKS. Well, maybe you're scared of everything. I'm not.
ED. <i>(ducking back into their shell)</i> Kay…
BROOKS. <i>(with bravado)</i> Hey. Never saw a fox eat cheese.
TORY. I'm not eating cheese.
<i>(BROOKS stops)</i>
TORY. Yet.
BROOKS. <i>(cheekily)</i> So, you play with your food?
ED. Many predators have a habit of wrestling with their food—um, prey—and they–
<i>(BROOKS shoots ED a look)</i>
ED. Never mind…
TORY. I'm not really playing with my after-school snack. I'm juggling.
BROOKS. Looks like playing. 
TORY. Juggling is not playing. It's art.
BROOKS. <i>(bravely)</i> 
Looks more like dropping…
TORY. <i>(cheese voice)</i> It's fun! Whee! Yay!
ED. <i>(laughs)</i> That's what I call “cheesy”!
TORY. <i>(laughs)</i> YES! <i>(drops one)</i> Uh-oh!
ED. <i>(laughing)</i> Cheese down!
BROOKS. <i>(walking away)</i> Yeah– nope.
TORY. <i>(following BROOKS)</i> I brought the red cheeses because it's Friendship Day. My favorite holiday.
BROOKS. Not mine. 
<i>(BROOKS hops onto the bench and walks on it like a balance beam, does a handstand, etc)</i>
TORY. Um… Do you have a favorite holiday?
BROOKS. No. <i>(moves away)</i> I just want to wait for my dad. <i>(leaps out of reach)</i> In peace.
TORY. Right. <i>(to ED)</i> What about you?
ED. Huh?
TORY. What's your favorite holiday?
ED. My favorite holiday would be National Turtle Day.
BROOKS. So weird. That's not a holiday.
<i>(BROOKS remains engaged with the playground equipment, scurrying and playing. Occasionally they sigh or groan)</i>
ED. Yep. May 23rd. Me and my mom go to the Shellebration of turtles everywhere. It's a spotlight on turtles! It's a focus on the need to protect turtles, tortoises, and habitats, ‘cause we're losing our places to live– Did you know that all tortoises are turtles, but not all turtles are tortoises?
TORY. Fascinating– really fascinating!
BROOKS. <i>(muttering)</i> “Fascinating, really fascinating.”
TORY. Um– what?
BROOKS. <i>(oops)</i> Um-nothing. Never mind. 
ED. This year's theme for World Turtle Day is “I Love Turtles.” A lot of kids don't know real turtles or tortoises. They only know Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. And that's okay because it's at least a start. I mean, they were just regular baby turtles, and somebody dropped them into a sewer, and—
TORY. Um? Excuse me–
ED. —then they landed in some bad goo that changed them into Big Mutants, and they have four different personalities; Leonardo “Leo”– The Leader. Donatello “Donnie”– The Genius. Michelangelo “Mikey”– The Funny One. Raphael “Raph”– The Rebel. And Mikey is the youngest one, he's really funny and—
TORY. I did not know that tortoises could talk so fast.
ED. Oh, we're not slow all the time. Anyways, the Ninja Turtles are what my mom calls “gateway turtles…” Like the gate to caring about real ones, like me.
TORY. Wow, there's so much to know about real tortoises… and of course the, um– imaginary? Ones?
ED. <i>(serious)</i> Oh. Ninja Turtles are very real.
BROOKS. Don't get him going!
TORY. Too late. Hey, tortoise. Ask me a question.
<i>(BROOKS groans)</i>
TORY. I asked you a question. Now it's your turn to ask me a question. That's how friends talk. 
BROOKS. Friends? Puh-lease!
ED. We're friends?
TORY. We're not. But we could be. All three of us.
BROOKS. Ha! I've got all the friends I need.
TORY. Then you know that friendly people SOAR.
BROOKS. Uh. Right.
TORY. My mom taught me this: S– Smile. O– Offer your hand. A– Ask their name. R– Repeat their name and tell them yours. S-O-A-R. SOAR. It's how to be friendly! Want to practice?
<i>(BROOKS starts playing hopscotch or bean bags)</i>
BROOKS. Uh, nope.
ED. I'll try.
TORY. Thank you.
ED. Um-kay.
TORY. <i>(coaching)</i> Say, “you're welcome.”
ED. Um, you're welcome?
TORY. Okay, then. SOAR. That's SOAR like—
BROOKS. <i>(mocking)</i>
Sore like I fell down and hurt my knee, boo-hoo!
TORY. That's SOAR, like flying high, like being really successful at being friendly!
BROOKS. Gross. And not as funny as mine.
TORY. <i>(to ED)</i> Alright. My turn, then your turn. <i>(demonstrating)</i> S– Smile. O– Offer your hand. <i>(They shake hands or fist-bump)</i> A– Ask their name. What's your name?
ED. Um, Ed.
TORY. R– Repeat their name and tell them yours. Hi Ed, I'm Tory. Yay! Now your turn, Ed.
ED. S– Smile. O– Offer your hand. <i>(They shake hands or fist-bump again)</i> A– Ask their name. What's your name?
TORY. Tory.
ED. R– Repeat their name and tell them yours. Hi Tory, I'm Ed.
TORY. Yes! Thanks Ed! Way to be friendly.
ED. I can practice that at World Turtle Day.
<i>(BROOKS groans very loudly)</i>
TORY. And then, friendly folks ask questions and give compliments. Here's one: <i>(to BROOKS)</i> Hey there, I like your spikes. 
BROOKS. They are spines. 
TORY. You're welcome.
BROOKS. What?!?!
TORY. Oh, sorry, I thought you said thank you when I gave you a compliment. You know, manners and stuff.
BROOKS. Yeah. I know manners “and stuff.” But I don't have spikes.
TORY. Oh?
BROOKS. I got spines. 
TORY. Oh! Spines! Well, they are very nice.
BROOKS. <i>(exaggeratedly)</i> Thank you.
TORY. You're welcome. Are they sharp?
ED. I like them too.
BROOKS. That's enough!
ED. But, if you have manners, you say thanks.
TORY. Well, they look sharp.
BROOKS. Back off.
TORY. I'm just saying–
BROOKS. <i>(blurts angrily)</i> They look sharp, so bigger creatures won't try to– nothin.
TORY. Try to what?
BROOKS. I said, nothin.
<i>(BROOKS sits, then curls up. ED puts his earbuds in and backs into the tunnel)</i>
TORY. Maybe we could…
BROOKS. This. Is. Hedgehog. For lea'me alone. <i>(They curl up again)</i>
<i>(TORY looks over at ED, who is listening to music and chewing a piece of lettuce. TORY begins to hopscotch, alone, and not very well. After a beat, BROOKS approaches TORY)</i>
BROOKS. That's ridiculous. What're you trying to do?
TORY. Thank you for asking. I am practicing hopscotch.
BROOKS. Nope, you're not.
TORY. I am.
BROOKS. You're just jumping on the squares without using a marker.
TORY. That's true. But I don't know how to play with a marker.
BROOKS. You don't know how to play with a marker?
TORY. Wanna teach me?
BROOKS. <i>(know it all)</i> Not really.
TORY. You're not really afraid of me, right? I don't bite. Show me? Please?
BROOKS. Well… <i>(thinks)</i> It's easy. I could show you in like, two seconds.
TORY. Well, there's lots of seconds before my mom gets here, so you can teach me thousands of times!
BROOKS. Whatever. But I'm serious. Two seconds! Then you have to leave me alone. Or else, I'll—
TORY. <i>(swishing tail curiously)</i> What?
<i>(BROOKS is spooked by the tail flick. They hand TORY the marker at arm's length)</i>
BROOKS. Here, use this marker.
<i>(TORY takes the marker and approaches ED)</i>
TORY. Hey, Ed!
<i>(ED looks up. BROOKS steps in front of TORY, making a face and covertly shaking their head. ED sees)</i>
TORY. Hey. What are you doing?
BROOKS. I don't want Ed to play. Okay, scoot back. Toss the marker down, then watch how I jump.
TORY. Nope. I can't.
BROOKS. Sure, you can. Do it.
TORY. Only if we all three play.
BROOKS. Look. You're new here. Ed doesn't care. Ed is used to being alone.
TORY. Why? Why is that?
BROOKS. He obviously likes it that way.
TORY. I'll just ask.
<i>(TORY taps the tunnel next to where ED is sitting. ED looks up and takes out one earbud)</i>
TORY. Sorry to disturb you, Ed, but I was just wondering why you sit alone.
BROOKS. You can't just ask that!
TORY. I just did.
ED. I don't want to talk about it.
BROOKS. See? Just leave him. 
TORY. You don't have to tell me right now, but I'll be hanging out right here if you want to talk.
<i>(TORY folds their arms and leans against the tunnel. BROOKS is attempting to continue the hopscotch lesson, tossing the marker, hopping, etc. TORY sings to themselves)</i>
BROOKS. Whatever.
ED. Everybody hates me.
TORY. I'm sorry, I didn't hear that, I was singing.
BROOKS. Are you watching me?
ED. <i>(sotto voce)</i> I said, everyone hates me.
TORY. That's silly.
ED. No, it isn't. It's true.
TORY. Well, I'm somebody, and I don't hate you. I barely even know you.
ED. Nobody knows me.
TORY. Wait a minute. You said everyone hates you. Then you said that nobody knows you.
ED. So?
TORY. If nobody knows you, then nobody hates you.
ED. Huh?
TORY. I don't think you can hate what you don't know!
BROOKS. <i>(loudly)</i> After I toss the marker on a square, I jump over it.
TORY. C'mon Ed. It's time for JOY! J– Just jump in. O– Own your place. Y– Yes, I can.
ED. Do you know a lot of these things? Like SOAR, like JOY?
TORY. Oh, the letter games? They're kind of a code. My mom teaches me. She's an animal whisperer. She uses them to help young animals with friendships. So, it's time to SOAR with JOY.
BROOKS. I jump over it. I never touch that square again. See? <i>(demonstrates)</i>
TORY. Ed is playing too.
BROOKS. Why?
TORY. I think you know. It's rude, it's bad manners, to leave someone out. And, I'm trying to use empathy.
BROOKS. Empathy?
TORY. It's putting yourself in someone else's shoes. Imagining what they must be feeling. Feeling how that feels. 
BROOKS. So… You're feeling Ed's feelings?
TORY. Kinda. And being alone doesn't make Ed happy. So, Ed is gonna have to J-O-Y. JOY. J– Just jump in. O– Own my place. Y– Yes, I can.
BROOKS. Fine, but you know tortoises can't jump.
TORY. What?
BROOKS. That big old shell can't get off the ground.
TORY. Ed! Come on over. Let's learn hopscotch.
ED. Okay then. Time for JOY.
BROOKS. <i>(enjoys being bossy)</i> Well, anyways. I toss the marker on a square, and I jump over it. I never touch the square again. See?
<i>(TORY and ED support the demonstration with oohs, ahhs, and applause. BROOKS eats it up)</i>
TORY. We clapped. What comes next?
BROOKS. Somebody takes a turn.
TORY. Before that. Manners?
BROOKS. Uh… Thank you?
TORY: You're welcome. Way to go!
ED. Okay. Ok ok. I'll try.
BROOKS. Sure? Cause I'm not helping you if you fall. You're on your own.
ED. Time for JOY.
<i>(ED pulls out a bandana like the TMNT wear, and puts it on)</i>
BROOKS. What. Is. That??
ED. My ninja turtle head gear. Got it at the Shellebration last year.
BROOKS. <i>(impatiently)</i> Just toss the marker and hop!
ED. Hey, didja know that the original hopscotch courts were over 100 feet long? Good thing they're shorter now. And the record hopscotch jumper finished the game in one minute and two seconds. And the rules change a lot, so—
BROOKS. <i>(moves to shove ED)</i> Go already!
ED. <i>(off balance)</i> Hey! Not fair. No shoving.
TORY. Hey. Keeping our hands to ourselves is friendly. That was not.
BROOKS. This is dumb.
TORY. Then make it smart. Apologize.
ED. <i>(ending the argument by taking a big leap)</i> JOY!
<i>(ED is an excellent hopper, exceeding the distance covered by BROOKS. TORY supports his hop with oohs, ahhs, and applause. BROOKS eventually joins in)</i>
ED. That. Was. Kinda. Fun!
TORY. Do you ever wonder about the hop on one foot rule?
BROOKS. I thought you didn't know how to play.
TORY. I don't. I just know how to hop. <i>(pointedly)</i> And, I know how to apologize.
BROOKS. Show us.
TORY. You first.
BROOKS. Okay, okay. Ed, I'm sorry I shoved you.
ED. Thanks.
BROOKS. Okay, now go?
TORY. ‘Kay. No shoving. Here goes JOY!
<i>(TORY jumps with mixed success. BROOKS and ED cheer them on)</i>
BROOKS. Okay, that's over.
<i>(BROOKS and ED split. BROOKS curls up on the bench. ED sits in the tunnel)</i>
TORY. Hey. Wait up, guys.
<i>(TORY takes a moment to assess, then approaches the curled-up BROOKS)</i>
TORY. I think somebody needs to practice being friendly. So, let's SOAR.
BROOKS. See this? I told you. This is hedgehog for lea'me alone. So, lea'me alone. I don't need friendly practice. I got friends.
ED. Yep. They are super popular.
BROOKS. I am not.
ED. Yeah, you are.
BROOKS. I'm not popular.
ED. Yes, you are!
BROOKS. No, I'm not. 
ED. You got, like, a million Friendship Day treats.
BROOKS. Everyone did.
ED. And if you tell people to do something, they do it.
BROOKS. I don't tell people what to do!
ED. You always tell people not to let me play.
BROOKS. No, I—
ED. And they do it. That's popular.
BROOKS. Whatever.
ED. And they always laugh at your jokes. That's popular.
BROOKS. STOP IT.
ED. Why are you so mad? I would love it if everyone liked me.
BROOKS. Stop saying that!
ED. Saying what?
BROOKS. That everyone likes me!
ED. Everyone does!
BROOKS. No, they don't!
ED. Who doesn't like you?
BROOKS. Okay. I'll prove it. Remember when I shared in morning circle today?
ED. Yeah.
BROOKS. I told about my dog having puppies? Do you remember what kind of dog I have?
ED. Um. No.
BROOKS. That's because I never said.
TORY. Well, knowing the kind of dog does kinda help us imagine better.
BROOKS. I know that. I forgot it.
TORY. You forgot what kind of dog you have?
BROOKS. I was standing in front of the class and I totally forgot it.
TORY. Ah. Nerves made your memory stop for a second. My mom says that can—
BROOKS. Anyway, I couldn't remember it. I said, “My dog is a–” and then I started stuttering. And these two girls in the back of the class kept laughing at me.
ED. Yeah, I saw that.
BROOKS. And I got really hot. I could feel my face going red. I really wanted to curl right up. I sat back down and I felt… I don't know.
TORY. Embarrassed?
BROOKS. Right. And nobody said anything to me. We went out to recess, and all my friends stayed away from me. They knew I was upset and they just ignored me.
ED. That's terrible.
BROOKS. It was terrible. They're supposed to be my friends. If I'm so popular, how come nobody would talk to me?
TORY. What would you want them to say?
BROOKS. I don't know. Like, “Are you okay?” or something.
TORY. A little empathy for you would have been good.
ED. And, I think it's poor manners to laugh at somebody who is having a hard time.
BROOKS. Yeah. Empathy. Manners. Right.
ED. Well, are you okay?
BROOKS. Yeah. I guess. I feel better now.
ED. You just wanted someone to ask.
BROOKS. Yeah.
TORY. <i>(to BROOKS)</i> Okay, now you gotta SOAR with me.
ED. It doesn't hurt. If I can do it, you can do it.
BROOKS. Okay…
ED. I think you should do JOY first.
TORY. Good idea, Ed.
TORY. <i>(overlapping below)</i>J– Just jump in. O– Own your space. Y– Yes, I can.
ED. <i>(overlapping above)</i>J– Just jump in. O– Own your space. Y– Yes, I can.
TORY. Okay, all together! J– Just jump in. O– Own your space. Y– Yes, I can. One more time! All together now! J– Just jump in. O– Own your space. Y– Yes, I can.
BROOKS. Wait, your mom taught you that?
TORY. Yeah. She helps kids be friendly and get better at making friends. Like us.
BROOKS. Well, I did tell you that I don't have any trouble making friends.
<i>(TORY and ED give BROOKS a look)</i>
TORY. It can never hurt to be friendlier.
<i>(BROOKS sighs)</i>
TORY. Okay. I have another game. Are you ready?
ED. Sure.
BROOKS. Yes.
TORY. Questions. People who are good at making friends are good at asking questions. So, here's a beanbag from that game. We hold the beanbag, we ask a question, then we quickly toss the bag to someone else. And they ask a question and toss quickly to someone else. The game is called Speedy Q.
BROOKS. Wait, no answers? Just questions?
TORY. It's question practice. Not answer practice.
ED. And also thinking fast?
TORY. Truth!
BROOKS. What kinds of questions?
TORY. Just a question. After you ask it, you toss the bag to the person who must ask the next question. 
BROOKS. Got that.
TORY. Ed starts.
ED. I can't think of anything.
BROOKS. Come on!
ED. Um. Why is the sky blue?
<i>(tosses the bag to TORY)</i>
TORY. Why did the chicken cross the road?
<i>(tosses the bag to BROOKS)</i>
BROOKS. What kind of dog is Clifford the Big Red Dog?
<i>(tosses to TORY)</i>
TORY. Dogs or cats?
<i>(tosses to ED)</i>
ED. Um– Um—
TORY. Faster.
ED. Cheese or meat?
<i>(tosses to TORY)</i>
TORY. Tater tots or french fries?
<i>(tosses to BROOKS)</i>
BROOKS. How many licks does it take to get to the center of a Tootsie Roll Pop?
<i>(tosses to ED)</i>
ED. Favorite movie?
<i>(tosses to BROOKS)</i>
BROOKS. Favorite song?
<i>(tosses to ED)</i>
ED. Where were you born?
<i>(tosses to TORY)</i>
TORY. Got any siblings?
<i>(tosses to ED)</i>
ED. What do you like to do with your family?
<i>(tosses to BROOKS)</i>
BROOKS. Can we answer?
<i>(tosses to TORY)</i>
TORY. Name of your dog?
<i>(tosses to BROOKS)</i>
BROOKS. Can we answer?
<i>(tosses to ED)</i>
ED. CAN WE ANSWER?
<i>(tosses to BROOKS)</i>
BROOKS. I wanna answer.
<i>(tosses to TORY)</i>
TORY. Can you ask a question?!
<i>(tosses to BROOKS)</i>
BROOKS. Why do you like the Mutant Ninja Turtles so much?
<i>(tosses to ED)</i>
ED. Why me?
<i>(tosses to TORY)</i>
TORY. And… stop.
ED. Whoa. That was hard. Taking turns, thinking fast–
BROOKS. NOT ANSWERING the questions.
TORY. Okay, if you can remember a question you really wanted to answer, go.
<i>(ED and BROOKS talk over each other, eagerly sharing the answers they held in. They overlap, but hear each other's answers. TORY watches from off to the side)</i>
BROOKS. I do like dogs. I have a big one. Her name is Gina. And, I do have siblings, a sister and a baby brother, and my family likes to go fishing together and sometimes we play games and–
ED. <i>(overlapping)</i>
I like cats, we have two of them. They are both orange. Tater tots are better because they hold more ketchup, and I like Mikey because they are the youngest and the Ninja Turtles make me proud to be a tortoise.
BROOKS. <i>(to TORY)</i> So, you didn't answer yet. Why Friendship Day?
TORY. Well, I'm a red fox, and I like all the red stuff, and the hearts, and—uh—it's my birthday.
ED. What?
BROOKS. What?
TORY. See, we do learn about each other by asking questions.
ED. Are you having a party? Are you having cake?
BROOKS. Oh, you should have a party!
TORY. Sure. I'll invite all my friends. See?
<i>(TORY takes three Friendship treats out of their bag)</i>
ED. You got more than me.
BROOKS. And, you're new. They weren't ready for you.
ED. Way to practice empathy. Happy birthday, anyway.
TORY. Well, thanks. So there's a treat from the teacher. And—
ED. <i>(overlapping below)</i> And one from me.
BROOKS. <i>(overlapping above)</i> And one from me.
ED. <i>(overlapping below)</i> My mom—
BROOKS. <i>(overlapping above)</i> And my dad.
ED. —asked me to give one to everyone.
TORY. Be sure to thank your parents.
BROOKS. So, you're having a birthday party? Tonight?
TORY. Sure. With all my friends.
BROOKS. Alright! I'll just go home and get cleaned up.
ED. Me too. I know my mom will bring me.
TORY. But–
BROOKS. Nope. No buts. We're your friends now, right?
TORY. Yes, but, we didn't do the friendly meeting thing. I don't actually remember your name.
BROOKS. Oh! Almost forgot.
TORY. I'll start. SOAR. S– Smile. O– Offer your hand. A– Ask their name. R– Repeat their name and tell them yours. S-O-A-R. SOAR. <i>(this time doing the actions)</i> S– Smile. O– Offer your hand. A– Ask. What's your name?
BROOKS. Brooks.
TORY. R– Repeat their name and tell them yours. Hi, Brooks, I'm Tory.
BROOKS. That was fun. My turn. <i>(to ED)</i> S– Smile. O– Offer your hand. A– Ask. What's your name?
ED. Ed.
BROOKS. R– Repeat their name and tell them yours. Hi Ed, I'm Brooks.
TORY. <i>(overlapping)</i> Nice to meet you! S-O-A-R SOAR!
BROOKS. <i>(overlapping)</i> Nice to meet you! S-O-A-R SOAR!
ED. <i>(overlapping)</i> Nice to meet you! S-O-A-R SOAR!
BROOKS. Well, we'd better hustle. We have a birthday party to get to!
ED. My mom's gonna flip that I made new friends.
TORY. I think we all got new friends.
BROOKS. I know, right? We. Are. Soaring.
TORY. Yeah, SOARing with JOY.
ED. Hey, did you know how birthday celebrations got started? Back in ancient times, 5,000 years ago, Egyptians celebrated for the—
<i>(Music up as they exit together, laughing. Adlib)</i>
END