{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw7920\paperh12240\margl720\margr576\margb720\margt720\vieww8520\viewh12840\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Green Room\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs20 \cf0 \ulnone \strike \strikec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 \strike0\striked0 The screen is opened to a browser tab filled with one row of five black squares and one row of four, one for each character.\
\
After a few moments, one of the screens turns on, and we see ANNA enter. ANNA quickly glances at the screen and notices that she is alone. She lets out a long breath and starts using the screen like a mirror to fix her hair.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 \
ANNA.  
\f2\i (Articulating)
\f1\i0  To sit in solemn silence...\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Anna trails off and begins blowing air through her lips. She rolls her neck and shoulders and gets ready. After a few more moments, KELLY enters)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ANNA.  Hey!\
KELLY.  Oh thank god. I had this awful image where I was going to be the first one here, and that it was just going to be, like... me and Ms. Daniels sitting together in some never ending awkward silence waiting for someone else to log in. 
\f2\i (Beat) 
\f1\i0 She hates me.\
ANNA.  She doesn't hate you.\
KELLY.  No, I really think she does. Like, actually, one-hundred percent, full on hates me.\
ANNA.  If she hates you, then why has she cast you in every single show you've auditioned for?\
KELLY.  Honestly? I think she does it just so she can torment me some more. I am still convinced that she only cast me as the White Rabbit sophomore year because I was two minutes late to my audition.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ANNA stifles a laugh)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li270\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 I am telling you, she definitely hates me.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ANNA.  You think everyone hates you, but I'm starting to think that maybe it's just that you hate everyone.\
KELLY.  That's not true! I love.. people.\
ANNA.  Oh yeah? Okay then, who, other than me, in the program would you consider to be someone that you even remotely like?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (KELLY considers the question for a moment)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 KELLY.  Easy. Christina.\
ANNA.  She graduated.\
KELLY.  Oh yeah. Ryan. From One Act.\
ANNA.  His name is Brian, and you only liked him because he shared his Taco Bell with you on the bus home from competition. Also, he graduated.\
KELLY.  Crap, he did? I guess I'll have to buy my own this year. Okay, I got one. Molly.\
ANNA.  Who?\
KELLY.  She was in The Wizard of Oz last fall.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 ANNA thinks for a moment to try and remember who Molly was, then it hits her.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ANNA.  You mean Molly who played Toto? The narcoleptic terrier who snored through the entire second act?\
KELLY.  We had a real connection. We both enjoyed falling asleep backstage.\
ANNA.  You're ridiculous.\
KELLY.  I don't hate Bailey. Most of the time.
\f2\i  (Beat)
\f1\i0  Oh! And what about Sarah? Have you heard from her recently?\
ANNA.  No. She seemed to have a lot going on last Fall, and then
\f2\i  (Gesturing around)
\f1\i0  2020 happened, so we sorta lost contact.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (KELLY picks up her phone and starts randomly scrolling through something)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ANNA.  You know, I'm going to send her a text to see if she is coming today.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (KELLY shrugs, not really paying attention)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 KELLY.  
\f2\i (Absently) 
\f1\i0 Mmhmm.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri510\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ANNA picks up her phone and starts to send a message. After it is typed and sent, she puts down her phone. She's about to say something to KELLY when:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri510\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri510\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 EMMA enters. She looks at ANNA and KELLY, and then frowns as she picks up her phone and looks at the time on it.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 KELLY.  
\f2\i (Insincerely)
\f1\i0  Hi, Emma.\
ANNA.  
\f2\i (Sincerely)
\f1\i0  Hey, Emma! How was your Summer? 
\f2\i (Beat)
\f1\i0  And Spring. And Fall. Wow, it's been a bit since we've all seen each other, hasn't it\
EMMA.  
\f2\i (Distractedly) 
\f1\i0 Uh, yeah. It was fine, I guess.
\f2\i  (Focused) 
\f1\i0 Are you the only two here?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li900\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (KELLY mocks looking around, lifts up some papers on her desk, and fakes surprise at finding nothing. ANNA shrugs and gestures to the screen)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ANNA.  Just us.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (EMMA exits)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 KELLY.  Well, I guess it's good to see some things haven't changed all that much.\
ANNA.  She's probably just stressed trying to stage manage virtual auditions.\
KELLY.  No... I am pretty sure she just hates us.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ANNA shakes her head in defeat. CASSIE enters.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li270\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 Hey! Cassie!
\f2\i  (to ANNA)
\f1\i0  That's another one, Anna. I also like Cassie!\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CASSIE looks confused)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CASSIE.  Um, thanks?\
KELLY.  No problem.\
ANNA.  Oh, lord.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ANNA sinks her face into her hands)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CASSIE.  Am I missing something?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ANNA sits back up before KELLY can respond)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ANNA.  No, just forget it. Kelly is just.. being Kelly.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (KELLY nods and looks back at her phone)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CASSIE.  Ohh. Gotcha.\
ANNA.  Anyway, Cassie, how ya been?\
CASSIE.  Good, I suppose? Been a bit of a weird year, but glad to be back here, even if it's only online. I spent most of the summer reading a- 
\f2\i (bunch of plays and-)
\f1\i0 \
KELLY.  Neeerd.\
ANNA.  Kelly!\
KELLY.  What? Nerds are cool.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (KELLY tips her head approvingly to CASSIE before turning back to her phone)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ANNA.  That's great though, Cassie. Did you read any you really liked?\
CASSIE.  A few! Have you read any Kate Hamill?\
ANNA.  
\f2\i (Excitedly) 
\f1\i0 Yes! I love her version of Little Women.\
CASSIE.  
\f2\i (Mock embarrassment) 
\f1\i0 My monologue is actually pieced together dialogue from Jo.\
ANNA.  That's awesome! Can we hear it while we wait?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (KELLY glances up)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CASSIE.  
\f2\i (Suddenly shy) 
\f1\i0 I don't know. Maybe later. I'm sorta nervous all of a sudden.
\f2\i  (Beat) 
\f1\i0 What did you choose?\
KELLY.  She wrote her own.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CASSIE's eyes widen)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CASSIE.  You wrote your own monologue?\
ANNA.  Yeah, but they say not to admit that in an audition.\
KELLY.  Who is "they"?\
ANNA.  They. Them. I dunno, the people who give advice on auditioning. Once they learn you wrote the piece, they don't only judge you on your acting, but also your writing. But if you use a pseudonym, then they only focus on your acting, which is what I want Ms. Daniels to focus on.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (KELLY leans back. She's had this argument before and lost. Long beat)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CASSIE.  Well, I still think that's pretty amazing.
\f2\i  (Beat) 
\f1\i0 Can we hear it?\
ANNA.  You mean, like now?\
CASSIE.  Yeah?\
ANNA.  Uhh...\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri-120\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 CASSIE.  Please? If anyone joins, you can stop, I just want to see how it starts.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ANNA thinks about it)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ANNA.  Okay.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li900\ri960\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ANNA repositions her computer, and moves to stand up a few feet away. She resets herself, and starts)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li270\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 My voice could be as loud as a symphony if I wanted to be. But if it can then why isn't it? Simple, I\'92m scared. I\'92m scared of the fact that it might be too loud and it might draw attention to me. But what's so wrong with attention? Because Then I'm forced to be myself instead of what society wants me to be. But isn't that a good thing? Standing up to society? Sure, if you have the backbone to take the criticism which unfortunately I do not have. So instead I am a record player. Waiting for someone to put my record on so I can repeat what society has brainwashed me to think. I am nothing more than a girl with no personality because I care about what others think to the point where I am no longer myself\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ANNA sits back down at the computer and gives an awkward shrug)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CASSIE.  How are we supposed to compete against that? I felt actual goosebumps\
KELLY.  Right? I'm just hoping that Ms. Daniels casts me as a comic relief or something because I trip over the door on my way into audition.\
ANNA.  We're auditioning virtually. What door are you tripping over?\
\
KELLY.  You see, that's why it is so funny. 
\f2\i (to CASSIE)
\f1\i0  Isn't it your turn now, Cassie?\
CASSIE.  Me? I haven't done it in front of anyone else yet...\
KELLY.  Are you hoping for Ms. Daniels to leave the room when it's your turn?\
CASSIE.  No.\
KELLY.  Well then you better get over that part quick.\
ANNA.  You're going to do great. Let's hear it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li810\ri510\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CASSIE nods and preps for her monologue. BAILEY enters.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 BAILEY.  Heeeeeeeey.\
KELLY.  Saved by the Bail.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ANNA groans. BAILEY is confused)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 BAILEY.  What did I miss?\
KELLY.  Cassie was just about to show us her monologue.\
BAILEY.  Oh. Sorry. 
\f2\i (Unexcitedly) 
\f1\i0 Continue, I suppose?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CASSIE sits back down and shakes her head)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CASSIE.  No, no, it's dumb. People are logging in, and we'r-\
BAILEY.  Cool. Well I just wanted to wish you all luck before I totally blow you out of contention for whatever role it is that you were hoping to get.\
ANNA.  Oh is that so?\
BAILEY.  Yup.\
KELLY.  And which role is that?\
BAILEY.  I dunno. Any of them. 
\f2\i (Beat)
\f1\i0  What play are we even doing? Has Ms. Daniels made an announcement yet?\
ANNA.  No. Not yet.\
BAILEY.  That's weird, right? Even for Ms. Daniels?\
CASSIE.  Not really. My cousin, from New York, told me she almost never knows which show she is auditioning for.\
BAILEY.  Whatever. I was hoping to find a piece that highlights me as an actor in the role that I want.\
KELLY.  Which, again, to clarify, is all of them.\
BAILEY.  Yes. Now shut up, or I won't let you be my understudy.\
ANNA.  I guess that's valid.\
KELLY.  No it isn't, I would be a fantastic understudy.\
ANNA.  Kelly, listen to Bailey and shut up. 
\f2\i (to BAILEY) 
\f1\i0 What did you end up choosing?\
BAILEY.  
\f2\i (Beat) 
\f1\i0 Do you want to hear it?\
CASSIE.  Yeah.\
ANNA.  Sure!\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (BAILEY preps for monologue.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 KELLY.  
\f2\i (Sarcastically)
\f1\i0  I think she was just asking to be polite, but yeah, sure, why not.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri-30\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 BAILEY.  Did you know that before I met you, I used to get up every single morning and spend an hour working on my routine before taking a shower and heading to class? Every. Single. Morning. Then we met, and now I haven't even stepped into the studio in months. So when you stand there and say that I'm not the same person you fell in love with, I can't even get upset or defensive about it, because you are right. I am not the same person from last fall. I've given up the things that actually matter to me just so I could spend more time with you. I've slowly chipped away at all the things that make me "me", and now I'm left hollow. A fraction of the person I used to be.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Beat)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li270\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 But you did get one thing wrong in your little speech. You ending things isn't going to leave me with "nothing". It was being with you that did that to me. But now I think it's time I start to get it all back.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (BAILEY sits back down at the computer)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CASSIE.  Yeah, I'm definitely not getting cast.\
ANNA.  Yes you are. I've seen you act. You're a shoe-in.\
CASSIE.  I dunno, I'm not feeling too great about it all right now. I should have chosen a different monologue instead of cutting it all up like I did.\
KELLY.  Show us. Maybe we can help.\
CASSIE.  I'm just starting to get into my head about it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri-300\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ANNA.  I found it helpful, actually. I mean, I've practiced it dozens of times, but it's a little different with faces staring back at you on your computer screen.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 BAILEY.  Yeah. I didn't realize how distracting it would be! Seeing your reactions almost threw me off.\
KELLY.  Wait, were you all planning on looking at the camera when you auditioned?\
ANNA.  Yeah...?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri-120\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 KELLY.  That's like looking right at the director when you audition in person?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Awkward pause)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 KELLY.  No... You look right at the director when you audition?\
BAILEY.  Where else are we supposed to look?\
KELLY.  Literally anywhere else.\
CASSIE.  But what if your piece is talking directly at someone?\
KELLY.  Then imagine a different person out in the audience, or just off screen. You want the director to be an observer, not a part of your scene. If you look directly at them, it makes them feel like they need to participate, or worse, it shuts them down entirely.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li180\fi-285\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 BAILEY.  But, doesn't that look weird? You just staring off into the distance saying your lines?\
KELLY.  Don't "stare", just pick a point, and put your person there, and then behave like a normal human being. Do you awkwardly stare at every single person you communicate with in the real world? 
\f2\i (Beat)
\f1\i0  I mean, I do, but not when I audition. That's just weird.\
ANNA.  No one has ever accused you of being a normal human being.\
KELLY.  I'd fight them if they did.\
BAILEY.  Show us.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Long pause. KELLY shrugs)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li180\fi-285\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 KELLY.  Alright.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (KELLY prepares for monologue)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li180\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 Are you. Kidding. Me? No, stop laughing. This isn't at all funny. Do you have any idea what you have done?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Beat)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li180\ri-210\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 In one afternoon, you have managed to ruin over six years of a meticulously agonizing effort to curate what can only be described as perfection.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Beat)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li180\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 I can't believe you would do this to me. I trusted you. Despite what all of my friends said and even against my own better judgment, I let you in because you looked me in the eye and told me that you would never betray me. You promised that you would absolutely, never mess with my Netflix queue. And now look. I said look!"The Do-Over"? Do I look like a forty-year old lonely bro living in his mother's basement? No? Then why on earth is Netflix advertising an Adam Sandler movie to me?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (KELLY takes bows)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li180\fi-285\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 BAILEY.  Maybe I will take you as an understudy after all.\
KELLY.  Thank you. I accept.\
BAILEY.  Ehh, I said maybe.\
ANNA.  That actually was a lot less uncomfortable than I had expected.\
KELLY.  Gee, thanks?\
ANNA.  No, sorry. Your monologue was great. I meant the looking at a different spot.\
BAILEY.  Yeeeah. I am going to have to revisit my entire monologue now.\
KELLY.  Definitely don't do that. You never make changes right before you audition. Surefire way to trip yourself up.\
CASSIE.  But, like, what if you really need to make some changes.\
KELLY.  Trust me. Take the note, tuck it away, and think about it after you audition.\
CASSIE.  You know, I think I might head out. I-
\f2\i ('m not feeling too well\'85)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li900\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 (EMMA enters and takes a quick scan of the room)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 EMMA.  Where is everyone?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Silence)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 KELLY.  Who is missing? Isn't it just the seniors today?\
EMMA.  Yeah, but we're still missing three more.\
BAILEY.  Who else is signed up?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (EMMA looks at a list)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 EMMA.  Jake.\
BAILEY.  Ugh.\
EMMA.  Stu.\
BAILEY.  Ugh.\
KELLY.  Who is Stu?\
BAILEY.  I dunno, but another guy so he is probably already cast.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (KELLY nods agreeingly)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 EMMA.  And Grace.\
BAILEY.  Grace? Wait who is Grace?\
EMMA.  I literally have just a list of names, other than that, I know nothing.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (EMMA shows her pad of paper with eight names on it to the camera)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ANNA.  What about Sarah?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li900\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (EMMA stares back at the screen, fakes a glance at the sheet, and then shows it back to the screen)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 EMMA.  Not on the list.\
ANNA.  I was really hoping she signed up.\
EMMA.  She's not on the list, and she's not here, so it's not my problem\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ANNA starts to say something, but EMMA exits before she can)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ANNA.  What the heck? What's her problem?\
BAILEY.  Well, I heard that she was planning on auditioning this year, but Ms. Daniels wouldn't let her.\
CASSIE.  Why not?\
BAILEY.  She didn't have anyone else to stage manage the show, so she pressured her into staying on as stage manager.\
ANNA.  That's awful. No wonder she was so weird before.\
KELLY.  I still think she hates us.\
ANNA.  She doesn't hate us, she just-\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (STU enters, and everyone goes quiet)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ANNA.  Hi, you-\
BAILEY.  Hey Stewie! Congratulations on being cast!\
STU.  Uh.. did I miss-\
ANNA.  Ignore her. She's just commenting on the fact that you're a guy and that means you'll probably get cast.\
STU.  Oh.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ANNA realizes what she just said)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ANNA.  Not that you wouldn't be cast if you were a girl, it's just that we don't have a lot of guys in the program, and- 
\f2\i (Beat. Clears throat)\

\f1\i0 KELLY.  Smooth.\
ANNA.  So are you new here, or...\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CASSIE looks confused)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 STU.  Um, no, it's-\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (STU looks at the images on the screen for a moment, and then shrugs his shoulders)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li270\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 Yeah, I guess I am.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CASSIE is really confused. GRACE enters)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 GRACE.  Hey, is this the waiting room for spring play auditions?\
KELLY.  Yup.\
GRACE.  Hey, I'm Grace.\
ANNA.  Welcome, Grace. I'm Anna.\
CASSIE.  Cassie.\
STU.  Oh, uh, my name is Stu. Nice to meet you.\
BAILEY.  Bailey, but you can call me Bails.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (KELLY is staring at her phone again)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 KELLY.  Literally no one has ever called her that and if you do, I promise I will make fun of you for the rest of your time at this school\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (GRACE looks worried)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ANNA.  And that's Kelly. Don't worry about anything she says. She'll probably forget even meeting you, let alone follow through on any fake threats. Isn't that right, Kelly?\
KELLY.  I already stopped paying attention to what you were saying.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ANNA gestures "see?")\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 BAILEY.  Anyway... Grace, did you do theatre at your old school, or just trying something new?\
GRACE.  Oh, yeah, I've done theatre most of my life.\
BAILEY.  Oh.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri-120\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 GRACE.  
\f2\i (Nervously)
\f1\i0  No, I mean, not like professionally or anything like that. You know, just the shows at my high school. Well and middle school stuff. Well, and a few summers ago I worked on a regional production of Annie.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 CASSIE.  I love Annie! What role did you play?\
GRACE.  Um, 
\f2\i (Uncomfortable)
\f1\i0  Annie?\
BAILEY.  Greeeaaat.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Awkward pause. EMMA enters)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri-210\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 EMMA.  Has anyone seen Jake?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li900\ri-210\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (EVERYONE shakes their head. MS. DANIELS enters. She glances from face to face on her screen)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri-210\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MS. DANIELS.  Hello, students! Emma, is everyone here?\
EMMA.  Everyone except Jake. He hasn't showed up yet, and he isn't answering his phone.\
MS. DANIELS.  Oh Jacob sent me a video audition. It was delightful. Okay, so I know a few of you seemed to take your cue from the White Rabbit and were running late, but if you could all remain here in this room until you've been called in to audition, that would really help move this whole thing along.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li900\ri-210\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MS. DANIELS looks at the screen as if she is waiting for some sort of response, then moves on)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li270\ri-210\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 Now, I know you're all probably dying to know which play we are doing this spring, so let me share a little insider information with you all.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi1080\ri-210\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (KELLY rolls her eyes)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li270\ri-210\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 As I am sure that everyone here is well aware, we happen to have a larger than usual outgoing class this year, and it was with that in mind that I wanted everyone to have a grand finale of sorts, and I thought, what better show to highlight the concept of growing up and moving on than Peter and the Starcatcher?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri-210\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (STUDENTS show a range of excitement. After it dies down, MS. DANIELS continues)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li270\ri-210\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 Unfortunately, I was unable to get the streaming rights, so we had to let that one go.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri-210\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (STUDENTS deflate)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li270\ri-210\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 But, not one to be easily dismayed, I ventured on, determined to find the perfect play for my students. And that is when I came across a little play called Clue.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri-210\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Excitement builds again)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li270\ri-210\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 And did you know that six other schools are doing the exact same show all within an hour drive? So I said, No, Thank You! to that.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri-210\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Audible groans)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li270\ri-210\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 But fear not, because I sent out a few more requests for rights, one of which sounds promising, and I am very excited about it, but I don't want to jinx it just yet, so I'm not going to tell you what it is. (beat) But I will say that this 2016 Tony Award winning gem focuses on the fight for the American Dream when a certain immigrant moves to New York City hoping for a better life? That story ringing a little bell for any of my little thespians?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li900\ri960\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MS. DANIELS raises her eyebrows in pride. There is a major hesitance from the group. MS. DANIELS gives a knowing smile and winks at the STUDENTS)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li180\fi-285\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MS. DANIELS.  Now, don't let that excitement throw you all off from your auditions. I have very high expectations for each of you seniors, that's why you all get to audition a day before everyone else this year. That and I am not entirely sure how to make my screen show more than ten of you at a time, but mainly the first thing.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li900\ri870\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MS. DANIELS scans the screen as if trying to decide)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li180\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 I'm just going to get prepared in the audition room and we'll start momentarily. Good luck everyone. I can't wait to see what you got for me this year!\
\pard\pardeftab720\li900\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MS. DANIELS exits. EMMA stays for a moment and looks at everyone in the room, and then also exits)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li180\fi-285\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 BAILEY.  I'm surprised she even had Jake submit an audition.\
GRACE.  What do you mean?\
ANNA.  It's sorta a running joke that Jake always gets the role he wants each year.\
BAILEY.  Is it a joke though if it's accurate?\
KELLY.  Or not funny?\
GRACE.  Not a lot of guys here I take it?\
ANNA.  More like no guys. I heard for the three years before we got here, not a single guy auditioned for a show.\
CASSIE.  Which is probably why Ms. Daniels keeps casting Jake in everything while she has him.\
BAILEY.  Or she could just choose better plays. Maybe something written since the invention of the internet?\
KELLY.  Or the typewriter?\
ANNA.  Even I have to admit that for a program with only one guy, we've done a few shows that were definitely male heavy.\
GRACE.  Only one guy?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li900\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ANNA, BAILEY, and KELLY all nod, mutter \'93yeahs\'94)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li180\fi-285\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 What about Stu.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Awkward pause)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li180\fi-285\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ANNA.  Oh, well, yeah. And now we have Stu.\
BAILEY.  But Stu is new this year, like you.\
KELLY.  So up until this point.\
CASSIE.  
\f2\i (Quietly) 
\f1\i0 Um, guys...\
BAILEY.  Wouldn't it be great if Stu got the lead, though?\
KELLY.  I'd vote for him.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 CASSIE.  
\f2\i (a little louder) 
\f1\i0 Hey, guys...\
BAILEY.  You don't vote for roles.\
KELLY.  Maybe you don't.\
BAILEY.  What does that even mean?\
CASSIE.  
\f2\i (Yelling) 
\f1\i0 Guys!\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (They stop and look at CASSIE. Awkward beat)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li270\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 Can we talk about something else? (beat) Please?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri-210\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ANNA.  Um, sure. 
\f2\i (Beat) 
\f1\i0 So what do you all think Ms. Daniels was hinting at?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 GRACE.  I mean, it obviously sounded like she was talking about Hamilton, right?\
BAILEY.  \'932016 Tony winning story about a couple of immigrants and the American Dream?\'94\
KELLY.  My vote is on her going senile.\
BAILEY.  I vote you shut up!\
GRACE.  Ooookay. 
\f2\i (Beat)
\f1\i0  So, Stu, my fellow newbie, did you do theatre at your old school too?\
ANNA.  Yeah, where did you go before here?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Long pause)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 STU.  Um, I've actually always gone here. I'm not new.\
GRACE.  Oh, you're just new to theatre? 
\f2\i (Excitedly) 
\f1\i0 Oh my god, is this your first audition?\
BAILEY.  Wait, are you a senior? I thought today was only for seniors?\
STU.  No, I've done theatre before. It's just-\
ANNA.  Oh, have you done shows over at St. Mikes?\
KELLY.  Do we call those shows?\
ANNA.  Kelly, go back to shutting up, please?\
STU.  No. I've mainly done-\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (EMMA enters)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 EMMA.  Okay, Cassie, you're up.\
CASSIE.  
\f2\i (Panicked) 
\f1\i0 No, not yet. Can't someone else go?\
KELLY.  I'll go.\
EMMA.  Cassie, now or never. No skipping.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (EMMA exits)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 BAILEY.  You've got this, Cassie.\
KELLY.  Yeah. Just remember everything we've talked about. But also don't change a thing.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CASSIE is breathing heavily)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 GRACE.  Hey, Cassie. It's Cassie, right? Take a deep breath, okay?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CASSIE nods, and takes a deep breath)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CASSIE.  Okay.\
GRACE.  Now go in there and forget about everything else, and just show Ms. Daniels what you've got to offer. That's all she really wants to see.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li810\ri960\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CASSIE nods, takes one more deep breath, and exits)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ANNA.  I don't think I've ever seen her so nervous before.\
BAILEY.  Yeah. Maybe she should have submitted a video like Jake.\
KELLY.  How much you wanna bet he sent in his Jaws monologue.\
GRACE.  He did a monologue from a movie?\
KELLY.  Yeah. He's done the same one every year.\
BAILEY.  What's wrong with doing a monologue from a movie?\
GRACE.  Nothing is exactly wrong with it, but you're sorta shooting yourself in the foot. When you do a monologue from a movie, there is a "right" way to do it. The actor in the film originated the role and any attempt to recreate that will just look like a cheap knockoff.\
BAILEY.  Well I'm glad I didn't go that route this year.\
STU.  Which monologue did you choose, Grace?\
ANNA.  You don't need to-\
\pard\pardeftab720\li810\ri600\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (GRACE is already getting ready to show her monologue)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 KELLY.  Ope, it's happening.\
GRACE.  Do you remember when we were little, and every night when we went to bed, Dad would stop in when he got home from work and if we were still up, he would sing us that song? The one telling us to dream? I loved hearing it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Beat)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li270\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 For the longest time I thought he made it up. That it was his little ditty just for us. It wasn't until I heard it on the radio late one night driving home from school that I realized it was just some old song. I remember pulling off to the side of the road and started to sing along. I hadn't even thought of the song in years, but every word came right back to me. Every single word.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Beat)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 The next morning is when I got the call from the hospital. It was like he was saying goodnight to me, one last time, you know? Over the radio.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (GRACE finishes her monologue. She gives an awkward curtsy and then sits back down)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 BAILEY.  I am glad Cassie didn't see that. You would have sent the poor girl into convulsions.\
GRACE.  Thank you?\
KELLY.  You see how she didn't stare into the camera either?\
GRACE.  You should never do that.\
KELLY.  I know.\
GRACE.  That's awkward.\
KELLY.  Right?\
BAILEY.  Okay, okay. I'll change it.\
KELLY.  
\f2\i (Overlapping below) 
\f1\i0 No!\
GRACE.  
\f2\i (Overlapping above) 
\f1\i0 No! Whatever you do, don't change anything this close to your audition. Not unless you want to ruin everything.\
ANNA.  How bad could changing just a few small things really be?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (EMMA enters)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 EMMA.  Kelly. You're up.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (EMMA exits. CASSIE enters. She is in shock)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ANNA.  Hey, Cassie! How'd it go?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CASSIE stares at the screen)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 KELLY.  Oh no, what happened?\
CASSIE.  I-I.. I made some changes last minute.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (KELLY points to the screen knowingly and exits)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 GRACE.  Oh no, you poor thing. What happened?\
CASSIE.  I honestly can't even really remember. It was like I entered a fugue state and the next thing I remember, Ms. Daniels was calling my name and saying that I just trailed off mid-monologue.\
STU.  Oh, Cass, I'm so sorry. It looked so good the other day!\
ANNA.  The other day? I didn't know the two of you were already friends?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CASSIE looks pale)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CASSIE.  I'll be right back.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CASSIE exits)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 GRACE.  So I guess I am the only one here who doesn't know anyone.\
ANNA.  I didn't know Stu knew anyone. Who else do you know?\
STU.  
\f2\i (Getting a little angry) 
\f1\i0 Are you kidding me?\
ANNA.  No?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (STU looks from person to person)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 STU.  Wow. I'd almost take this as a compliment if it didn't hurt so much.\
GRACE.  What's going on?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (EMMA and KELLY return)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 EMMA.  Stu.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (EMMA exits. STU shakes his head and exits)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 BAILEY.  That was a little intense right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CASSIE re-enters)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 KELLY.  Noooo! What did I miss?\
ANNA.  I... don't really know.\
BAILEY.  Stu mentioned that he had helped Cassie on her monologue, and then he got mad at Anna for asking who else he knew.\
KELLY.  Oh. Weird.\
GRACE.  It really was. Are you all sure you've never met him before?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li540\ri420\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (BAILEY and KELLY shake their heads. ANNA is still confused)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CASSIE.  I can't anymore.\
BAILEY.  Can't what?\
CASSIE.  I told him I wouldn't say anything, but you are all being so mean right now, pretending you don't know who he is, and I can't stand it.\
GRACE.  I'm confused. Do you all know Stu, or not?\
ANNA.  
\f2\i (Overlapping)
\f1\i0  No!\
BAILEY.  
\f2\i (Overlapping)
\f1\i0  No!\
KELLY.  
\f2\i (Overlapping) 
\f1\i0 No!\
CASSIE.  
\f2\i (Overlapping)
\f1\i0  Yes!\
\pard\pardeftab720\li540\ri690\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ANNA, BAILEY, and KELLY look to CASSIE. Awkward pause.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 CASSIE.  Sarah?!\
BAILEY.  What about-\
ANNA.  Oh, my God. How did I not...\
KELLY.  Well, I feel like a complete--\
BAILEY.  Wait, are you saying- Oohhhh.\
GRACE.  Someone want to tell me what is going on? Or maybe finish a sentence?\
CASSIE.  Stu hasn't always gone by Stu.\
GRACE.  Ok?\
CASSIE.  We used to know Stu by a different name.\
GRACE.  I went by Gracelyn until I was ten, what's the big deal?\
CASSIE.  Like... a completely different name.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Beat)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 KELLY.  Before he transitioned.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (GRACE gets it)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 GRACE.  Ohhhhh! Okay. I follow. 
\f2\i (Beat) 
\f1\i0 So?\
ANNA.  I had no idea that Sarah-\
CASSIE.  Stu. His name is Stu.\
ANNA.  Oh, sorry. Stu. I just no had no idea that Stu-\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (EMMA enters. STU enters)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 EMMA.  Okay, so we're almost done. Bailey it's your turn. After Bailey will be Grace, and then Anna. If you could all stick around, Ms. Daniels wants to have a chat with you all when we're done.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (EMMA looks around and frowns. BAILEY is not paying attention)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 EMMA.  Bailey, did you hear me?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ANNA coughs, trying to get BAILEY's attention)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 EMMA.  BAILEY!\
BAILEY.  Oh. Wait, what? is it my turn?\
EMMA.  You are all useless. This show would literally fall apart if any of you were in charge.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (EMMA exits)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 GRACE.  Well, she's a delight.\
KELLY.  She really isn't\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (BAILEY exits)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ANNA.  She is just having a rough day. Supposedly she wanted to audition, but Ms. Daniels wouldn't let her.\
GRACE.  Why?\
KELLY.  She's the only one nagging enough to do a halfway decent job at Stage Managing.\
GRACE.  It really is a thankless job.\
KELLY.  That's why I refuse to thank her.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Beat)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ANNA.  Hey, Stu. How did your audition go?\
STU.  I'd like to think it went well, but apparently I'm pretty forgettable.\
ANNA.  Look, Stu, I'm... We're-\
CASSIE.  I told them. I'm sorry. I know you asked me not to, but I did.\
STU.  It's okay, Cass. The point is that you shouldn't have had to.\
ANNA.  I know you're upset, and you have every right to be, but-\
STU.  Upset? No, I'm not upset. I'd be upset if you all turned out to be transphobic pieces of garbage, but-\
ANNA.  No, we're not. I swear.\
KELLY.  Totally. I hope you know that we 100% support you!\
STU.  Then why didn't you?\
ANNA.  Why didn't we what?\
STU.  Support me.\
ANNA.  I didn't... We didn't know that-\
STU.  Of course you didn't. But did either of you ever call to ask? Send an email, a text, anything?\
ANNA.  It's been a really weird year.\
STU.  Yeah, I know. Tell me about it.\
ANNA.  I just mean, it wasn't anything personal. I've barely kept in touch with anyone from that show aside from Kelly.\
KELLY.  It's been rough.\
ANNA.  Not. Now.\
KELLY.  Sorry.\
ANNA.  Stu, if we knew, we'd have reached out in a heartbeat. But you also didn't reach out to us.\
STU.  You knew I had stuff going on when I didn't audition last year.\
ANNA.  I didn't know it was this!\
STU.  What does it matter? If we were such good friends, it shouldn't matter what I was going through, just that I was going through something.\
ANNA.  Stu...\
STU.  I just thought, I dunno, that maybe I'd show up today, at the absolute very least you'd be excited to see me.\
ANNA.  I was. I mean, I am!\
STU.  You didn't even recognize me.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Long beat. BAILEY enters)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 BAILEY.  And that is how you do it, people!\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (EMMA enters)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 EMMA.  Normally people wait until the director tells them to before leaving.\
BAILEY.  Not me. Virtual mic drop.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (BAILEY mimes dropping a mic. She notices STU)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 BAILEY.  Sup, Stu. Sorry about before, but glad to have you back.\
EMMA.  I feel like I'm missing something.\
GRACE.  Don't ask.\
EMMA.  Wasn't going to. Grace, your turn.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (EMMA exits)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 GRACE.  This has all been... very interesting... but I am going to leave now.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (GRACE exits)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 BAILEY.  What'd I miss?\
CASSIE.  Anna and Kelly explaining to Stu why they didn't recognize him.\
BAILEY.  That whole time? Dudes, get over yourselves. It's not about you. Acknowledge your screw up, apologize, do better, and move on.\
ANNA.  We said we're sorry!\
CASSIE.  You didn't though.\
KELLY.  Yes we did.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri-120\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 STU.  No you didn't. You explained that you were not transphobic, why you hadn't reached out to me, and even told me how I should have reached out to you and let you know, but neither of you said you're sorry even once.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ANNA and KELLY consider this)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ANNA.  I'm so sorry, Stu.\
KELLY.  Me too. I'm sorry.\
STU.  Thank you.\
CASSIE.  Was that so hard? 
\f2\i (to STU)
\f1\i0  I think I speak for all of us when I say that we missed having you around.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Various nods of agreement. Long beat)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li270\fi-285\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 BAILEY.  Great. Now that that's settled, can we all talk about how much we hope this Grace character totally biffs her audition?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Silence)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li270\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 Come on, I can't be the only one thinking it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li270\fi-285\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 CASSIE.  I think you are.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li270\fi-285\ri-210\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 BAILEY.  Why? If she does bad, you have a better chance at getting a solid role.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li270\fi-285\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 CASSIE.  That... is probably the most self centered, and insecure thing I've ever heard you say, and that's saying something.\
BAILEY.  Hey-\
CASSIE.  No, I mean it. You want her to do bad so that you can succeed? You come back in here from your audition acting like you just nailed the lead role without even trying, and then you turn around and dump all over someone else who has been nothing but nice and welcoming to each and every one of us. And for what? So you can feel better about your work? If I am going to be in any play, I hope more than anything else that it ends up being the best possible play that we can make, and that requires everyone to always be putting their best foot forward. Not casting second best options because the first had an unlucky few moments. I went in there, wanting more than anything else a chance to show just what I can do, and although I didn't give my best performance, not once this entire day have I hoped for any of you to do less than spectacular. But apparently that is how we see things differently. I want to do better so I can be my best self. You just want yourself to be the best.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Long pause. CASSIE realizes what she just said)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li270\fi-285\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 KELLY.  Woah.\
STU.  
\f2\i (Snapping fingers) 
\f1\i0 Yeah, Cass!\
ANNA.  I almost wish we could have recorded that. I think that was your best work yet!\
BAILEY.  I'm sorry. I didn't think about what I said. I don't really hope she bombs.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (EMMA and GRACE enter. EMMA is smiling)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li270\fi-285\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 EMMA.  Anna, it's your turn whenever you are ready.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li900\ri960\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (EMMA exits. ANNA shrugs her shoulders and exits.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li270\fi-285\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 KELLY.  What in all that is holy was that?\
BAILEY.  Was she smiling?\
CASSIE.  It sure looked like it.\
KELLY.  No, I saw something about this on Animal Planet. Right before a predator goes in for the kill, they show their teeth.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (GRACE laughs)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li90\fi-285\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 GRACE.  No, no. I just told Ms. Daniels, that I could stage managing if Emma wanted to audition.\
CASSIE.  Wow, that was... really nice of you.\
GRACE.  Well, she still has to audition, so who knows, but I don't mind helping out behind the scenes. It's important to know how things work in all areas of theatre, you know?\
BAILEY.  If you say so. More roles for me.\
KELLY.  More than all of them?\
BAILEY.  
\f2\i (to STU, ignoring KELLY)
\f1\i0  So Stu, How'd it go when you were in there?\
STU.  It went pretty well, I think.\
KELLY.  What did you end up doing? We never got to see it.\
STU.  It was nothing. Just something I've been working on for a little bit.\
GRACE.  Oh, an original, eh?\
STU.  Sorta.\
KELLY.  You should do it now. Show us!\
CASSIE.  Yeah, come on! You never let me see it!\
KELLY.  
\f2\i (Chanting) 
\f1\i0 Stu-u, Stu-u, Stu-u.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (EVERYONE joins in until STU concedes)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li90\fi-285\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 STU.  Fine, fine. I'll do it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (STU prepares for monologue)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li90\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 On the outside, things may seem normal to you. You pass by without second guessing. You see a good friend, someone who you\'92ve known for awhile. Or at least thought you did. But there\'92s something deeper going on. Something not everyone will understand. Beyond all the smiles and laughs, there\'92s someone trembling inside. Someone you\'92ve never met before, but they know you. They\'92re scared to show themselves, the body around them being a shelter. But that shelter is crumbling slowly. It wants to break free, but they\'92re scared. Scared that people will glare and judge. People that were once considered their friends. Just like you. Hopefully one day you\'92ll meet them soon. All they want is for you to see them for who they are. Day after day they creep out more and more. That shelter one day will break. Who knows how you and others will react. But they know this is the real them, no matter what is said.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (STU finishes and walks back to computer)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li90\fi-285\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 BAILEY.  If that is what you showed Ms. Daniels, then Jake might be in trouble after all.\
STU.  Yeah?\
BAILEY.  If she doesn't give you his part, then she's blind.\
CASSIE.  You don't even know what part is his part.\
KELLY.  The lead, obviously.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri-210\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 BAILEY.  I hate that it really is obvious.\
STU.  You know, I'm not sure I'd want a role like that. Most of the time the side characters are the most fun to play.\
GRACE.  They really are! Once, I got to-\
BAILEY.  Yeah, we get it. You've been in a lot plays, and you're an all around amazing person, so just let it go and be my best friend already, so I can learn all your tricks and ultimately destroy you.\
GRACE.  
\f2\i (Unsure)
\f1\i0  Um... okay?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri-210\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ANNA enter)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri-210\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 KELLY.  How'd it go?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri-210\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ANNA shrugs. EMMA and MS. DANIELS enter)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri-210\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MS. DANIELS.  Congratulations everyone on a wonderful round of auditions! Now, normally I would have let you all go after your audition, but I have some news that I didn't want you to hear from anywhere else.\
BAILEY.  Is it about the play?\
MS. DANIELS.  It sure is! I checked my email a little bit ago, and... we got it! The rights are ours!\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri-210\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Excited cheering and applause from the students)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri-210\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 KELLY.  Are you serious? We got the rights to Hamilton?!\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri-210\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MS. DANIELS freezes in confusion)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri-210\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 MS. DANIELS.  Wha- Hamilton? Lord no. No, no, no. Why on earth would you think we're doing Hamilton?\
ANNA.  You said "2016 Tony Award Winner"?\
MS. DANIELS.  Yes. The 2016 Tony Award winner for Best Revival of a Play for the Arthur Miller classic, A View from the Bridge!\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri-210\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Everyone groans)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri-210\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 KELLY.  I knew it was too good to be true.\
MS. DANIELS.  On the contrary. A View from the Bridge is a gripping tale about an Italian American, Eddie Carbo-\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri-210\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (KELLY and BAILEY exit)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li270\ri-210\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 Wait, where is everyone going?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri-210\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (CASSIE exits)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri-210\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ANNA.  It must be a connectivity thing, Ms. Daniels. I'm sure they are all very interested in the play. You should send it all out in an email so they don't miss out.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri-300\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 MS. DANIELS.  What a great idea, Anna. I'll do just that. (to GRACE) Grace, if you wouldn't mind joining me back in the audition room, I'd like to chat with you about a few things? Emma, are you sure you're ready to audition today?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri-210\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 EMMA.  I am! I'll be over in a couple minutes.\
MS. DANIELS.  Sounds good. Grace?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MS. DANIELS exits. EMMA exits.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi-285\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 GRACE.  It was great meeting you all! I hope we get to work together.\
ANNA.  Same here!\
STU.  Me too!\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (GRACE waves and exits. STU starts to leave)\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi-285\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 ANNA.  Hey, Stu!\
STU.  Yeah?\
ANNA.  A few of us were going to hop on Discord in a bit and play some Among Us. Care to join?\
STU.  Are you asking if I'd like to hop into a room with all of you and try to figure out which of you is a backstabbing, devious, imposter who will lie directly to my face?\
ANNA.  Pretty much, yeah.\
STU.  Sounds sus. I'm definitely in. Send me an invite.\
ANNA.  Will do. See you in a bit.\
STU.  Perfect.\
ANNA.  And Stu?\
STU.  Mm?\
ANNA.  It really is great to have you back.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (STU smiles and exits. ANNA exits. EMMA enters. She looks around to make sure no one is still there, and then she prepares for her monologue)\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi-285\ri-210\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 EMMA.  All your friends called me a nobody. I would walk through life like a little kid trying to keep their balance along the curb of the sidewalk which is where I\'92m at right now balancing my normal life and the success of being a singer, which you thought I couldn't do. You told me there are people way better than me.
\f2\i  (Beat)
\f1\i0  I know that. To this day even though I have the happiness and fame you thought I wouldn\'92t I know there are others better than me, but I never let your cruel words get to me. You looked down on me and laughed at my dreams, but now I\'92m preparing to stand on a stage in front of thousands to share my story with my new single. I left you in the past when you started telling me I could never amount to it and I still have a great future, even without you. I have the strength it takes to go into something as scary as this all alone. I was a mirror to you and shattered me into a million shards, but you gave me the strength to show thousands of others like me that anything is possible as long as they believe in themselves. Thank you.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li810\ri870\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (EMMA moves to the computer, and exits out of chat)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\qr\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 END OF PLAY
\f1\b0 \
}