{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw7920\paperh12240\margl720\margr576\margb720\margt720\vieww8520\viewh12840\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf0 		
\f1\b\fs28 \ul The Totally Radical and Not at \
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulc0 All Bogus Life of Jenny Mueller\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs20 \cf0 \ulnone \strike \strikec0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \strike0\striked0 1. Fantasy vs. Reality\
\pard\tx1080\pardeftab720\ri-45\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Shermont High School - Cafeteria\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0 \cf0 LIGHTS UP on a group of guys sitting together at one end of a table, joking around. Nearby a group of girls are all talking with each other and laughing. Until:\
\
Enter SARA. Jackson Browne's "Somebody's Baby" is playing. Everyone turns to look at her. JOSH stands up from the group of guys. SARA walks right up to him. He glances her over, completely taken aback.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 JOSH.  Uh. Hel.. Um. Hi. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JOSH is dumb-struck. SARA grins)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 SARA.  Hi.\
JOSH.  I\'92m, uh, J-Josh.\
SARA.  I know.\
JOSH.  You do?\
SARA.  I do.\
JOSH.  You do.\
SARA.  You know what else I know?\
JOSH.  W-what?\
SARA.  I know that you're going to be taking me to the Sadie Hawkins  Friday.\
JOSH. 
\f2\i  (Excitedly)
\f0\i0  I am?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (SARA nods slowly, assuredly)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JOSH.  I am. 
\f2\i (Beat)
\f0\i0  Cool.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li810\ri870\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (SARA adjusts JOSH's collar and dusts off his shoulder)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 SARA.  I'll be ready at 7, and I don't like to be kept waiting. 
\f2\i (Beat)
\f0\i0  You wouldn't keep a girl like me waiting, now would you?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li810\ri960\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (SARA plays wounded. JOSH shakes his head violently)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JOSH.  N-n-never!\
SARA.  
\f2\i (Grinning again)
\f0\i0  I didn't think so.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (SARA turns to exit)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 SARA.  Friday. 7pm.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (SARA winks. She begins to exit)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JOSH.  Wait! I don't even know your name!\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (SARA turns to answer him)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 SARA.  My name is -\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri330\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Before SARA can finish, she is interrupted by MR. WHITE. The scene swirls around and evolves into a classroom)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 MR. WHITE.  Mueller?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MR. WHITE is standing by his desk. Everyone is turned around watching JENNY as she sketches at her desk)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 MR. WHITE.  Mueller? MUELLER!\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY is taken out of her daydream, looking up at the rest of the class)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY.  Hmm?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri330\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Some of the class starts to laugh. Before she can figure out what is going on, the bell rings, and students all start to get up. JENNY jumps to her feet, accidentally knocking a sheet of paper to the floor. Before she notices, BRITTANY, HEATHER, and TIFFANY, the ubiquitous mean girl trio walk by, pick it up, and look at it)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 BRITTANY.  What's this, dweeb?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri510\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (The TRIO look at it, realize what it is, and laugh)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 HEATHER.  Oh. My. God.
\f2\i  (Laughs)
\f0\i0  Is that supposed to be you?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY realizes what they are looking at, and quickly reaches for it)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY.  Hey! Give that back.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri780\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY keeps trying to grab it from the trio, as they pass it between each other over the following:)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 TIFFANY.  Aww,
\f2\i  (In baby talk) 
\f0\i0 does somebody have a little bitty crush on the new kid?\
BRITTANY. 
\f2\i  (Mockingly)
\f0\i0  You don't actually think he'd even want to be seen with you in the hallway, let alone at the dance, do you?\
HEATHER.  Yuck. Gag me with a spoon. I don't even want to be seen with you right now, and that's just in front of Brittany and Tiffany.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri780\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (HEATHER and TIFFANY both nod in disgust. They all look at each other. JENNY reaches for her drawing, and it tears in two. JENNY is heartbroken)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 BRITTANY.  Take a chill pill, nerd girl. It's not like we were going to keep it.\
TIFFANY.  Yeah, we try to make it a rule not to be seen holding onto little pieces of trash.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (TIFFANY hands HEATHER the ripped half of the sheet. BRITTANY signals HEATHER to throw the sheet. HEATHER is confused)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 BRITTANY.  Good point, Tiffany. We totally shouldn't even be seen standing next to it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (BRITTANY rips the sheet from HEATHER's hand, crumples it up, and throws it at JENNY)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 BRITTANY.  Let's get out of here. Later, dweeb!\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (The TRIO laugh and exit. JENNY slumps to the ground and picks up the crumbled paper. She flattens it out on the floor)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 LIGHTS OUT\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 2. Magic Tape \
Jenny\'92s Bedroom\
\pard\pardeftab720\li810\ri690\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0 \cf0 LIGHTS UP on Jenny's room. JENNY is sitting at a desk,  flattening and taping up her drawing from before. Kim Carnes'"Bette Davis Eyes" is playing from her boombox.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li810\ri690\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li810\ri690\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 JENNY examines her attempt at fixing the drawing and sighs. She picks up the tape dispenser and reads the label.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
JENNY.  I wonder why they call it magic tape? Seems like regular old tape to me.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY rubs the drawing one last time. Trying her best to flatten it back out)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY.  I wish you were real. I bet you wouldn't take crap from Brittany.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Interrupting her moment, MISSY enters)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 MISSY.  Knock. Knock.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri870\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY quickly looks up nervously, but once she realizes that it's only MISSY, she relaxes. JENNY reaches and turns off the radio)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY.  Hey.\
MISSY.  Hey you. I didn't see you in math earlier today. Is everything okay?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY looks away)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY.  Yeah. I just... wasn't feeling great, so I went home early.\
MISSY.  Yeah?\
JENNY.  Yeah.\
MISSY.  And it doesn't have anything to do with three particular airheads that are known to torment half the senior class whenever they're bored, or confused. Which is, literally every moment they miraculously remember how to breathe and walk at the same time?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (This makes JENNY laugh a little)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY.  Maybe it had a little to do with that. 
\f2\i (Quickly)
\f0\i0  But I really wasn't feeling good either!\
MISSY.  Yeah, hearing them talk always makes me want to barf too.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY laughs a lot more at this)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 MISSY.  Seriously, though, what happened?\
JENNY.  
\f2\i (Dismissively) 
\f0\i0 Nothing.\
MISSY.  Nothing? Don't tell me you made me sit through Mr. Foote's monotone lecture about acute angles alone for "nothing".\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MISSY stares at JENNY)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY.  Nothing new. Just the same old junk. They grabbed my.. drawing here 
\f2\i (Embarrassed)
\f0\i0 , and then started picking on me like they always do.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MISSY looks at the drawing)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 MISSY.  Daaaang. Who's the wicked stud?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY quickly regrets showing her drawing to MISSY and covers it)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 MISSY.  Yo, is that the new kid you were telling me about? What's his name? Jake?\
JENNY.  Josh. And it doesn't matter because that's one thing Brittany was actually right about. There's no way a guy like that would want to go to the dance with someone like\'85\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MISSY gives JENNY an annoyed mother-like stare)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 MISSY.  Like what?\
JENNY.  Well, like me.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY looks away)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 MISSY.  Jenny. Mueller. Don't listen to what the ditz or her airhead friends say about you for a single second. Do you know that last week in history, I saw Heather try and spell President Reagan's name? R-A-Y-G-U-N. 
\f2\i (JENNY laughs) 
\f0\i0 I'm serious. That airhead is a major spaz. Do you really think that someone who would have likely wrote-in President Ray-gun for a third term knows the first thing about who you are, or what you're about? 
\f2\i (JENNY is silent)
\f0\i0 Do you?\
JENNY.  
\f2\i (Resigned) 
\f0\i0 No.\
MISSY.  Then don't let her get into your head with all this crap. You, Jenny Mueller, are one bodacious babe, and if this Jake g-\
JENNY.  Josh.\
MISSY.  
\f2\i (Smiling) 
\f0\i0 If this Josh guy is even half as great as you seem to think he is, he's going to see that too. You got that?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY frowns a moment, and then shrugs. MISSY glances back at the drawing now that JENNY isn't covering it anymore)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 MISSY.  You know, I wish you'd let yourself be a little more like the Jenny you put in your comics.\
JENNY.  They're n-\
MISSY.  "They're not comics, they're drawings", I know, I know. But I'm serious, Jenny. The only difference between you and her, is that she's not letting anyone hold her back from what she really wants.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY pins her drawing up on her wall near other drawings)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY.  Well she's not real. No matter how much I sometimes wish she were. That's just not me. 
\f2\i (Uncomfortable)
\f0\i0  Can we just... talk about something else?\
MISSY.  Fiiine. I was gonna see if you wanted to go to the mall and grab a slice of pizza, but I'm not sure that would be such a good idea. You know, with you not feeling well and all...\
JENNY.  Hmm. That's weird. I am suddenly feeling a whole lot better.\
MISSY.  I've been told I have that effect on people.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MISSY and JENNY laugh. JENNY turns out the lights and the two exit. Only the drawing is shown on JENNY's wall. It is a projection)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri600\partightenfactor0
\cf0 (After a few moments, the drawing begins to move. SARA, Jenny's alter-ego, begins to look around in the drawing. She eventually looks out at the real world, and starts running and leaps towards the stage and all lights go out.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri600\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri600\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 SPOT UP on SARA, who is a real person now. She has a brief moment to take it all in and then:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri600\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri600\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 JENNY re-enters and turns the lights back on. JENNY is looking back offstage)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 JENNY.  I just forgot my windbreaker. I'll be rig- 
\f2\i (Noticing SARA) 
\f0\i0 AHH!\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (SARA takes in JENNY. She doesn't look too surprised. JENNY is frozen for a moment)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY. Uh- Who are you? What are you doing here?\
SARA.  I'm you.\
JENNY.  What?! What do you mean "I'm you"?\
SARA.  Exactly that. I'm you. And you're me. We're the same. Well, close enough.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY is thoroughly confused)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 SARA.  You drew me.\
JENNY.  Wait. Are you saying that-\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri780\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY looks at her drawing, which is now blank)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY.  No. No. No, no, no, no, this isn't possible.\
SARA.  I assure you that it is.\
JENNY.  No.\
SARA.  Yes.\
JENNY.  But how?\
SARA.  Isn't it obvious? 
\f2\i (JENNY just stares at SARA) 
\f0\i0  You used "magic" tape? Then you made a wish? Seems pretty obvious to me.\
JENNY.  That is the most ridiculous thing I have ever heard. No one in their right mind would ever believe something so-\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MISSY re-enters)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 MISSY.  Are you com- Oh, my, God. She's real. How?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY looks at SARA)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 SARA.  Jenny used Magic tape.\
MISSY.  Of course! This is amazing.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (SARA looks to JENNY. "See"?)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 MISSY.  This is going to be so much fun. 
\f2\i (to SARA)
\f0\i0  Are you hungry?\
SARA.  Starving.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MISSY looks at JENNY)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY.  Fine. Let's go.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY grabs her windbreaker, and they all exit)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\qr\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 LIGHTS OUT\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0\b \cf0 3. Double Vision\
Shermont High School - Hallway\
\pard\pardeftab720\li630\ri600\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0 \cf0 LIGHTS UP on SARA, JENNY, MISSY, ASHLEY, and MR. WHITE who are gathered around. MR. WHITE hands SARA a form.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
MR. WHITE.  Welcome to Shermont High School. If you're anything like Jenny here, I am sure you'll get along just fine.
\f2\i  (MR. WHITE gives JENNY a look and a wink) 
\f0\i0 And I'll keep an eye out for your transfer paperwork. No idea why it hasn't come in already. In the meantime, feel free to shadow Jenny here until we get your own schedule.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri870\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MR. WHITE turns and exits. As soon as MR. WHITE is gone, ASHLEY turns to JENNY and SARA)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 ASHLEY.  So is this really her?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (SARA gives a pose as to say "In the flesh". JENNY looks at MISSY)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY.  Missy! You told her?\
MISSY.  What? We tell each other everything! You know that!\
JENNY.  Even...
\f2\i  (Looking at SARA, with a whisper)
\f0\i0  This?\
MISSY.  Ev-ry-thing. I don't make the rules.\
ASHLEY.  So how did you do it?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li810\ri1110\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY and MISSY turn back to SARA and ASHLEY)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY.  Huh?\
ASHLEY.  How did... you know...\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ASHLEY points to SARA)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 SARA.  You don't need to talk about me like I'm not right here. I can speak, you know.\
ASHLEY.  
\f2\i (Embarrassed)
\f0\i0  Oh. I'm sorry. It's just... this is so weird. But, like "cool" weird. I was just wondering how it even happened. Like, did you use a computer or something, like that movie?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MISSY leans in to ASHLEY)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 MISSY.  No. It was Magic tape.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ASHLEY. 
\f2\i  (Exaggeratedly)
\f0\i0  Oooooooooh!\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY shakes her head)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY.  Okay, but we can't tell anyone else, agreed? We were lucky enough to get her enrolled here. We don't need anyone asking about who she is or where she came from any more than they already do.\
SARA.  I don't see what the big deal is. We can just tell people I'm your sister.\
ASHLEY.  Yeah!\
JENNY.  Noo. We can't tell people you're my sister. No one will believe that I have some sort of long lost twin.\
MISSY.  Compared to the truth, that's actually not that hard to believe.\
SARA.  Whatever. You guys figure it out. I'm going to grab a drink.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li900\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (SARA walks over to grab a drink of water, while JENNY, MISSY, and ASHLEY discuss a plan)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li900\ri600\partightenfactor0
\cf0 (After SARA takes a sip from the fountain, JIMMY comes walking up beside her and leans against the wall)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JIMMY.  Why, hello there, Sweetcakes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (SARA stands up, and JIMMY does a double take)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 SARA.  Excuse me?\
JIMMY.  I... uh... Di... uh...\
SARA.  Do you come with a reset button or something?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JIMMY shakes his brain)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JIMMY.  Did you do something different with your hair?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 SARA.  I'm sorry, do I know you?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri870\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JIMMY looks confused. After a moment, SARA nods slightly and turns to leave. This wakes JIMMY up)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JIMMY.  Hey! Don't do me like that. You know me! C'mon. It's me Jimmy. The Jimster. Jimba-lia. Jim-Jam. 
\f2\i (Instantly serious)
\f0\i0  I instantly regret saying that last one. Please don't ever call me that. I beg you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (SARA turns to engage with JIMMY when JENNY, MISSY, and ASHLEY come walking up. They panic and come running to the rescue)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 ENNY.  Jimmy!\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JIMMY turns and sees JENNY. He nods and turns back to SARA)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JIMMY.  Really. Pleas-\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JIMMY freezes. He slowly turns back to JENNY, then to SARA. He is becoming more and more confused by the second)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JIMMY.  Uh, Who i... What is goi.. wait, who is this?\
JENNY. 
\f2\i  (Panicking) 
\f0\i0 This is... my...\
MISSY.  Yeah! She's Jenny's...\
ASHLEY.  Sister!\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY and MISSY give ASHLEY a "What Are You Talking About?" look. ASHLEY shrugs)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JIMMY.  You don't have a sister.\
JENNY.  Hmm?\
JIMMY.  I've known you since you were four years old. You don't have a sister. I'd know if you did.\
JENNY.  No. She's not my sister. She's.. um..\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY looks to MISSY for help. MISSY is at a loss. SARA extends her hand to JIMMY)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 SARA.  My name is Sara. I'm Jenny's cousin. Our mothers are sisters. That's what she meant.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri690\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY, SARA, ASHLEY, and MISSY have a silent fight over JIMMY's head. They freeze as he looks to them)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JIMMY.  Oh. Doy. Yeah. I mean, I was going to say you two don't even look that much alike. Like, Jenny, you're like.... uh... 
\f2\i (Motioning with his hands)
\f0\i0  and Sara, you're like... um... 
\f2\i (Motioning with his hands again)
\f0\i0 , which isn't to say tha-\
SARA.  Jim-Jam?\
JIMMY.  Yeah?\
SARA.  Please leave.\
JIMMY.  Yes ma'am. 
\f2\i (Looking at JENNY, ASHLEY, and MISSY and nodding) 
\f0\i0 Jenny. Missy. Ashley.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JIMMY leaves. The girls shake their heads and laugh)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 SARA.  What was that all about?\
MISSY.  Ignore him.\
ASHLEY.  Yeah, Jimmy\'92s been following us around as long as I can remember. He\'92s got a major thing for Jenny.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY rolls her eyes. They start to walk away when BRITTANY, HEATHER, and TIFFANY walk up)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 BRITTANY.  Oh look, now there's two of them. Barf me out. Just when I thought it couldn't get any worse.\
HEATHER.  I didn't know there was a 2 for 1 sale at Grodys"R"Us.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (BRITTANY and HEATHER laugh. TIFFANY looks uncomfortable)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 BRITTANY.  Who's your new friend, Jenny?\
SARA.  
\f2\i (Very slowly)
\f0\i0  My name is Sara\
BRITTANY.  Ohmigod 
\f2\i (Laughing)
\f0\i0 , like, what's your damage? Are you some sort of spaz?\
SARA.  Not at all. I've just heard you get confused a little easily, and I wanted to make sure I didn't overload you with new information.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (TIFFANY tries to stifle a small giggle, but not before BRITTANY notices)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 BRITTANY.  Oh, you think that is funny, Tiffany?\
TIFFANY.  Kind of.\
BRITTANY.  Well, while we're telling jokes, maybe we should talk about the time you somehow scored lower on your spelling test than Heather here.\
HEATHER.  Hey! 
\f2\i (Realizing)
\f0\i0  But yeah, that's like wicked bad. I sometimes put an A in my own name.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Long beat)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 MISSY.  Your name is Heather. There is an A in it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (HEATHER thinks about this)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 HEATHER.  Well, like... then... sometimes I forget to put an A in it \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Bam! Like she won the argument somehow. This whole exchange has taken the wind out from under Brittany's rant)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 SARA.  Did you need something else, or do you just like being seen around us?\
BRITTANY.  In another life, spaz. 
\f2\i (to HEATHER and TIFFANY)
\f0\i0  Let's go before we catch whatever it is that makes them look like that.\
SARA.  It's called class. You should get some.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri780\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (BRITTANY rages off and HEATHER is close behind her. TIFFANY covers another smile to SARA, and then follows them off ASHLEY and MISSY are shocked. JENNY seems a bit uncomfortable)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 MISSY.  That. Was. Amazing.\
ASHLEY.  I've never seen anyone talk to Brittany like that before.\
SARA.  She's just a person. You guys make her much more than she is.\
ASHLEY.  She's not a person. She's a demon.\
JENNY.  She is just going to be even more trouble now. Don't you realize that? I wish you would just leave her alone.\
SARA.  Like you do?\
JENNY.  Yeah, like I do. There's a reason I don't engage with the trio. The more you fight back, the more they seek you out.\
SARA.  If you don't engage, why do they keep seeking you out then?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY has no real answer to this. She is getting a little worked up)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY.  Whatever. You don't know them like I do. Just trust me, Brittany's not going to leave us alone just because you stood up to her.\
SARA.  
\f2\i (Calming) 
\f0\i0 Okay. Look, I'm sorry. I just don't like the way she tries and walks all over you. I thought that was why you wanted me here in the first place.\
JENNY.  Who said I wanted you here? 
\f2\i (Beat)
\f0\i0  I'm sorry, it's just-\
SARA.  No, I'm sorry.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Awkward pause)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY.  It's okay. Let's just... get to class. Alright?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MISSY and ASHLEY uncomfortably nod along)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 SARA.  Okay.\
MISSY.  
\f2\i (to JENNY) 
\f0\i0 Hey, is everything butter?\
JENNY.  Yeah, it's fine. Let's just go before we're late.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY exits. MISSY follows)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\qr\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 LIGHTS OUT\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0\b \cf0 4. Lunchroom Advice\
Shermont High School - Cafeteria\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0 \cf0 LIGHTS UP on JENNY, SARA, MISSY, JIMMY, and ASHLEY who are just sitting down talking. Across the cafeteria, students are sitting at tables eating.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
SARA.  Are all classes as hard to sit through as Mr. White's?\
ASHLEY.  Not all of them. Ms. Keating's Science class is actually pretty rad.\
MISSY.  Some are worse though. Just wait until Math. Mr. Foote is Totally Bogus.\
SARA. 
\f2\i  (to JENNY)
\f0\i0  No wonder you had so much time to draw me.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Belinda Carlisle's "Heaven is a Place on Earth" starts to play as JOSH enters with a tray of food and sits down a few tables over from the girls. They all look over at him. JENNY is staring)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 MISSY.  Is that him?\
ASHLEY.  It sure is.\
JIMMY.  I don't see what's so special about him.\
ASHLEY.  Someone better get Jenny a napkin before she drools all over her lunch.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY shakes awake)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY.  I'm not drooling. I'm just... admiring.
\f2\i  (Beat)
\f0\i0  From afar.\
MISSY.  Then why don't you eliminate the "from afar" part and go on over there.\
ASHLEY.  Yeah, look, he's sitting all by himself. It's like he's asking for someone to come and talk to him.\
MISSY.  C'mon. I thought you wanted to ask him to the Sadie Hawkins? 
\f2\i (Nudgingly)
\f0\i0  I bet the version of you in your drawing woul-\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri780\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MISSY realizes what she just said, and everyone falls into an awkward silence. SARA tries to break the tension)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 SARA.  Guys, lay off, alright? I'm sure if Jenny wanted to go over and ask him, she would.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MISSY and ASHLEY nod sheepishly. JENNY grows determined)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY.  No, you know what. You're right.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri870\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY stands up, and begins to walk to JOSH. MISSY, ASHLEY, and SARA all whisper in shock as JENNY walks confidently right up to JOSH. Much like SARA did in her drawing. The same music is playing. Everyone except JOSH is looking on in similar ways to the opening scene)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY.  Hi. I'm Jenny.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JOSH has food in his mouth. He didn't even notice her walk up)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JOSH.  
\f2\i (Surprised)
\f0\i0  Hmm?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri870\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (A record scratches as the music cuts out. The following begins like the first scene, but JOSH is less dumbstruck, and more confused. This leads to JENNY becoming less confident over the conversation)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY.  I said, Hi. I'm Jenny.\
JOSH.  Oh. Hey. I'm Josh.\
JENNY.  I know.\
JOSH.  You do?\
JENNY.  I do.\
JOSH.  Oh.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Awkward pause)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY.  You know what else I know?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri870\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JOSH looks around. Is someone messing with him?)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JOSH.  Uh, no. What else do you know?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri690\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY starts to panic. She looks at his lunch tray)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY.  The um, dinner rolls. They, uh, use the same order all week. So while they're fresh on Mondays, by Friday they are as hard as a rock.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JOSH looks at his tray and then back to JENNY)\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JOSH.  Oh. Um, thanks.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 JENNY.  Of course. I mean, I know you're new here, and I'd hate for you to have them on a day like today, and like, totally love them, and then try and take a big bite on Friday, only to chip a tooth or something. Y'know?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (SARA has makes her way over to JENNY)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 SARA.  Oh, hey! There you are! You will not believe this thing I have to show you over here. 
\f2\i (to JOSH)
\f0\i0  Sorry.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (SARA pulls JENNY away. JENNY has a mortified frozen look on her face)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY.  I warned him about Friday bread.\
SARA.  
\f2\i (Pityingly)
\f0\i0  I know. We heard.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (SARA lets JENNY slump back into her seat. ASHLEY, JIMMY, and MISSY try and console her)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 MISSY.  It wasn't that bad, really.\
JIMMY.  I totally wish someone had warned me about Friday bread when I started here.\
ASHLEY.  You probably just saved him a trip to the dentist!\
JENNY.  I don't feel so well.\
SARA.  Why don't we head to the bathroom. Okay? 
\f2\i (JENNY nods)
\f0\i0  We'll catch you two in Science?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri960\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MISSY and ASHLEY nod. SARA helps JENNY up, and the two of them leave. After a few moments. JIMMY looks around, and grabs the bread from JENNY's lunch tray. MISSY gives him an incredulous look)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JIMMY.  What? It's only Wednesday?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MISSY shakes her head)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\qr\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 LIGHTS OUT\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0\b \cf0 5. Class War\
Shermont High School - Classroom\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0 \cf0 LIGHTS UP on Ms. Keating's Science class. Students begin filing in.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri870\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 BRITTANY, HEATHER, and TIFFANY stand around making fun of what they just saw in the cafeteria. BRITTANY even has a dinner roll as a prop.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
BRITTANY.  
\f2\i (Mocking JENNY)
\f0\i0 ...but whatever you do, don't eat the rolls. I ate them once, and that's how I became a total spaz!\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri870\partightenfactor0
\cf0 (JENNY and SARA enter and notice that they are mocking JENNY. JENNY begins to leave but sits down instead, SARA sits down a seat over from her. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
BRITTANY and HEATHER keep laughing, but JENNY ignores them.\
\
BECCA enters with a well made planet diorama. She carefully places it one desk behind JENNY. BRITTANY walks over to JENNY)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
BRITTANY.  Hey, I noticed you left lunch early. I wasn't sure if you had enough time to eat, so I got you this.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (BRITTANY places the roll on the desk. JENNY ignores her, and turns to face a different way. BRITTANY notices BECCA's project and picks it up before BECCA can stop her)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 BECCA.  Hey! Give that back!\
BRITTANY.  Bite me, nerd.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (BRITTANY moves back toward JENNY. BECCA stares on worriedly)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 BRITTANY.  You see, someone like Josh is this 
\f2\i (Pointing at Sun)
\f0\i0 . Sure he's hot, but like, he's at the center of everything. You, on the other hand, are this right here 
\f2\i (Pointing at Pluto)
\f0\i0 . You're tiny. Insignificant. So far from everything that no one would even notice if you floated off into space.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (BRITTANY plucks Pluto off the diorama, and flicks it away. BECCA yelps. SARA stands up)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 SARA.  Okay, that's enough.\
BRITTANY.  I wasn't talking to you, poser.\
SARA.  Well ain't that rich.\
BRITTANY.  Excuse me.\
SARA.  I'm just saying that if anyone here was a poser, I'd think it was the one trying ever so desperately to appear relevant.\
BRITTANY.  Who are you calling desperate?\
SARA. 
\f2\i  (to JENNY)
\f0\i0  You see, I already forgot how easily she gets confused. 
\f2\i (to BRITTANY, slowly)
\f0\i0  I am calling you desperate. 
\f2\i (Normally)
\f0\i0  Now give that back, sit down, and shut up.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (The room goes quiet)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 BRITTANY.  Or. What.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (SARA stares down BRITTANY. Finally JENNY gets up, between them)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY.  Enough! Brittany, just please give that back to Becca. This has nothing to do with her.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri870\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (BRITTANY looks from SARA, to JENNY, and back)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 BRITTANY.  
\f2\i (Smiling) 
\f0\i0 Fine. Here.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (BRITTANY moves to hand it to JENNY, but right before JENNY can grab it, BRITTANY drops it, breaking it in half)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 BRITTANY.  Nice play, Shakespeare.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (BRITTANY notices MS. KEATING walk in)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 BRITTANY.  Oh no! I thought you had it!\
BECCA.  You did that on purpose.\
BRITTANY.  What? No! I would never do that!\
JENNY.  You're so... heinous!\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (SARA notices MS. KEATING)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 SARA.  
\f2\i (Whispering)
\f0\i0  Jenny...\
JENNY.  No. She needs to hear this.
\f2\i  (to BRITTANY) 
\f0\i0 All you do is make fun of other people, because if you stopped, for even a second, you'd have to come to terms with the fact that like no one actually likes you. You're just a wastoid. And-\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (BRITTANY is faking being incredibly hurt)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 MS. KEATING.  Miss Mueller?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY turns to see MS. KEATING)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY.  Ms. Keating. It's not what it looks like.\
MS. KEATING.  Oh? Because it looks like you're bullying Miss Maddox here.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (BRITTANY is mid sobs now)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri-120\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 BRITTANY.  I don't know what her problem is, Ms. K. I was just trying to hand her Becca's awesome planet thing, and it fell. I think she did it on purpose.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 JENNY.  That's not wha-\
MS. KEATING.  Enough. Miss Mueller, a moment?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MS. KEATING makes a motion to have JENNY follow her out to the hall. SARA moves to help BECCA grab the diorama.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 The scene shifts and we are now in the hallway with MS. KEATING and JENNY. Before MS. KEATING has a chance, JENNY jumps right in)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
JENNY.  She's lying, Ms. Keating. I swea-\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri780\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MS. KEATING stops her with a motion of her hand)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 MS. KEATING.  Jenny. Do I look like someone who was born yesterday?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY doesn't know how to respond)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY.  Of course not. It's jus-\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MS. KEATING stops her with a look this time)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 MS. KEATING.  Then do you really think that I would believe for one second that Miss Maddox has ever felt that sorry for anything in her life, let alone something that belongs to another person?\
JENNY.  No...?\
MS. KEATING.  I'll deal with her myself. But what concerns me the most at this moment is what I walked in on.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY looks ashamed)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 MS. KEATING.  I've never heard anything negative ever come from your mouth before, but what I just saw... What's going on, Jenny?\
JENNY.  Nothing.\
MS. KEATING.  Nothing? Jenny, I just saw you tearing down Brittany with my own eyes. Now, from what I know of Miss Maddox, I can't say that she didn't deserve some of that. Lord knows I've had to hold back a few times myself, but that's not like you, Jenny. So I ask again, what's going on?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY hesitates)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY.  I'm sorry, Ms. Keating. I just lost control for a moment. She's just so rotten sometimes, ya'know? I don't know why she hates me so much, but it's like she has it out for me. And, well, I guess I just had enough of her walking all over me.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MS. KEATING thinks this over for a moment)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 MS. KEATING.  I get it. 
\f2\i (Beat)
\f0\i0  Look, believe it or not, it wasn't that long ago I was sitting on the other side of the desk, so I know how hard it can be. The demands, the pressure... the bullying.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY is shocked at this)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY.  You were picked on?\
MS. KEATING.  
\f2\i (Laughing)
\f0\i0  Yeah, of course I was, or did you think being really into science used to be much cooler than it is now?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY laughs)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 MS. KEATING.  My point is, there are more productive ways to stand up for one's self than by tearing down others. The name calling, the insulting? That's her thing. That doesn't mean it needs to be yours. Got it?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY nods)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY.  Yeah. I got it. I'm sorry.\
MS. KEATING.  Okay. Now if you'll excuse me, I think I have to go deal with what I expect to be a very distraught Miss Campbell. (beat) That was Becca's project, yes?\
JENNY.  Yes. I really am so sorry. She didn't have anything to do with what happened. I'll help her fix wh-\
\
MS. KEATING.  Don't worry about it. She'll be fine. But no, if you come back in right now, without looking like I just laid into you, I'll get accused of playing favorites. How about you take the rest of the period off to get some air. I'll give your homework to Missy.\
JENNY.  Thanks, Ms. Keating, but I don't think that will be-\
MS. KEATING.
\f2\i   (A bit more sternly) 
\f0\i0 That wasn't a suggestion, Miss Mueller. I think you need to take some time to think about how you handle such situations in the future. You understand?\
JENNY.  Yes, Ms. Keating.\
MS. KEATING.  See you tomorrow, Jenny.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MS. KEATING gives JENNY a light smile, and walks back into the classroom. JENNY sighs)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0    
\f2\i LIGHTS OUT\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 6. Self Reflection\
Shermont High School - Outside\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0 \cf0 LIGHTS UP on JENNY  sitting on a stoop. Her head is hanging in her hands. SARA walks up.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
SARA.  Hey.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY looks up)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY.  Hey...\
SARA.  So, um, Missy and Ashley were going to head over to the mall. And uh, we thought maybe you'd like to come?\
JENNY.  No thanks. I think I'm just going to head home. It's been a long day.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri-120\partightenfactor0
\cf0 SARA.  Okay. Yeah, you're right. I'll just go tell them we'll see them tomorrow.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 JENNY.  You can still go, you know. You don't need to hover around me at all times.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JIMMY walks on, but stays back)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 SARA.  I know. I just thought tha-\
JENNY.  Contrary to popular belief, I managed just fine before you. Some may even say I was even better off then.\
SARA.  If by better you mean taking everyone's crap, and not going for what you really wanted, then sure.\
JENNY.  You know what? I do. At least then I didn't get thrown out of class, or make a complete fool of myself in front of the entire school. I was better off without you, and I still am.\
SARA.  I see. Well, if you need me, I'll be at the mall with Missy and Ashley.\
JENNY. 
\f2\i  (Sarcastically)
\f0\i0  Great.\
SARA.  Yeah. Great. 
\f2\i (Beat)
\f0\i0  I guess I'll just spend the night at Missy's then?\
JENNY.  Do whatever you want. That's what you're all about anyway, right? Do whatever you want, screw the consequences?\
SARA.  That's not fair.\
JENNY.  No? Well you could have fooled me.\
SARA.  I'll see you tomorrow.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (SARA exits. After a moment, JIMMY walks up)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JIMMY.  Jenny?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY jumps and finally notices JIMMY)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY.  What do you want, Jimmy?\
JIMMY.  I'm sorry, I didn't mean to snoop, but I just overheard the end of that.\
JENNY.  Yeah, and? You going to tell me I'm doing everything wrong, too?\
JIMMY.  No, I...
\f2\i  (Carefully choosing his words)
\f0\i0  Do you know how long I've known you?\
JENNY.  (shrugging) I don't know... like fourteen years?\
JIMMY.  Thirteen years, two months, three weeks, and six days. Do you know how long I've liked you?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY smiles)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JIMMY.  Thirteen years, two months, three weeks, and a day.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY laughs)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY.  What about those other five days?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri-120\partightenfactor0
\cf0 JIMMY.  We were four. I was pretty sure you had cooties or something at first.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 JENNY.  Ha. Oh, then you realized I didn't?\
JIMMY.  No. I just realized I didn't care. 
\f2\i (Beat)
\f0\i0  Look, Jenny. My point is that I know you better than anyone at this school. Probably even better than you know yourself. Definitely better than your cousin, or whatever you say she is, does.\
JENNY.  And?\
JIMMY.  Look, you like this Josh guy, right? And you want to ask him to the dance? Then ask him.\
JENNY.  I tried to ask him.\
JIMMY.  No you didn't.\
JENNY.  Did you not see me humiliate myself at lunch today?\
JIMMY.  Oh, I saw that. But that wasn't you asking him. That was you trying to be someone else asking him. That's what went wrong.\
JENNY.  Huh?\
JIMMY.  The Jenny I know doesn't need to fake some sort of wannabe cool-girl persona. The Jenny I know, the real Jenny, doesn't need any of that, because she's already the coolest person I know. And if that Jenny had walked up to this Josh guy, and asked him out, I think it would have had a much different result.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY is touched. She takes this all in)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY.  Thanks, Jimmy. 
\f2\i (Beat)
\f0\i0  You know, I'm a little surprised you'd be so willing to help me ask another guy out. Seems a little counter productive to your life goal of winning me over, doesn't it?\
JIMMY.  Nah. You'll spend half a night with this guy and realize he is missing that Jimmy charm you've grown to love. It's all just part of a larger plan to make you realize what you're missing with The Jimster.\
JENNY.  You know I'm never going to call you that, right?\
JIMMY.  One hurdle at a time. 
\f2\i (Beat)
\f0\i0  So you going to catch up with your cousin and your friends?\
JENNY.  No. I think I need some Jenny time tonight.\
JIMMY.  I could use some Jenny time myself?\
JENNY.  Don't push it.\
JIMMY.  Noted. See you tomorrow?\
JENNY.  See you tomorrow.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JIMMY starts to exit)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY.  And Jimmy?\
JIMMY.  Yeah?\
JENNY.  Thanks again. I think I needed to hear that.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JIMMY nods, and exits. JENNY sits back down, thoughtfully)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\qr\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0    LIGHTS OUT\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0\b \cf0 7. Second Chances\
Shermont High School - Cafeteria\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0 \cf0 LIGHTS UP on MISSY and ASHLEY sitting at a table. SARA enters and begins walking towards the table, when she almost runs into BECCA.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
BECCA.  Oh. Hey, Sara!\
SARA.  Hey, Becca.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (They smile at each other, and SARA begins to move past. BECCA hangs by for a second, and then stops SARA)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 BECCA.  Hey, I just wanted to thank you for your help yesterday putting my project back together.\
SARA.  Really, it was the least I could do. I'm sorry if anything I did led \
    to Brittany messing with it in the first place.\
BECCA.  
\f2\i (Dismissively)
\f0\i0  Are you kidding? Brittany Maddox doesn't need anyone's help to be evil, she does that all on her own. Honestly? It was nice to see someone finally stand up to her.\
SARA.  Yeah, well that's what I keep telling Jenny she needs to do.\
BECCA.  Oh, that would never work for Jenny.\
SARA.  It wouldn't?\
BECCA.  No. My friend Allison, and I used to try that, and it just made our lives miserable. So now we just ignore her.\
SARA.  And she leaves you alone?\
BECCA.  Mostly. See, Allison's boyfriend studies Psychology in college, and we were in a chatroom with him and a few of his classmates, and-\
SARA.  I'm sorry, a what?\
BECCA.  A chatroom? Ohmigod, It's this cool new thing where you can talk on your computer to a bunch of people at once. It's totally rad. But yeah, like, anyway, we were chatting, and they told us how they learned in class that, like, most bullies just try and control the lives of their victims because of their own insecurities and, like, lack of control.\
SARA.  Oh?\
BECCA.  Yeah, so we figure the less we let her feel like she impacts our lives, the less she'll bother in the first place.\
SARA.  And that works?\
BECCA.  
\f2\i (Shrugging) 
\f0\i0 For the most part? But, it doesn't appear to protect against collateral damage.\
SARA.  Hmm, thanks for the information.\
BECCA.  Sure. See you around!\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (BECCA leaves. SARA moves to sit down with MISSY and ASHLEY. JENNY walks up to them, they all grow quiet)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY.  Hey.\
SARA.  Hey.\
JENNY. 
\f2\i  (Awkwardly) 
\f0\i0 Can I talk to you for a moment?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (SARA looks to MISSY and ASHLEY. They take the hint and nod. They smile at JENNY and then step away. JENNY sits down, and there is a long moment. Then they both start at the same time)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY/SARA.  I'm sorr-\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (They laugh)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 SARA.  I guess at least in some ways we are the same person.\
JENNY.  Ha, yeah. 
\f2\i (Beat) 
\f0\i0 About that. Look, I'm really sorry for what I said yesterday. You were right, that wasn't fair of me.\
SARA.  You were right, though.\
JENNY.  But that's just it, I wasn't. You know, ever since you popped up in my world, I think I've been feeling a little bit jealous.\
SARA.  Jealous of me?\
JENNY.  Yeah...\
SARA.  Jenny, I am literally a figment of your imagination. Until just a couple of days ago, I wasn't even alive.\
JENNY.  But you are alive now. You moved from this concept, this fantasy version of myself to the real deal. And now I feel like I'm stuck competing with you at every step of the way. And that this real version of myself is somehow obsolete now that the fantasy is here.\
SARA.  Jenny...\
JENNY.  You just... You always know what to say, and you don't take anyone else's crap. I thought, I don't know, that if I acted a little more like you, maybe things would change for me.\
SARA.  But that's not you. You don't need to force yourself to be some sort of person that you're not.\
JENNY.  Tell me about it.\
SARA.  That's not a bad thing.\
JENNY. 
\f2\i  (Sarcastically) 
\f0\i0 Tell that to Josh.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (On cue, JOSH sheepishly walks to the table)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 SARA. 
\f2\i  (Conspiratorially) 
\f0\i0 Why don't you tell him yourself.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri780\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY looks up to see JOSH. He is a bit nervous, she is instantly frozen. SARA stands up and sneaks away)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JOSH.  Um. Hi.\
JENNY.  Hi.\
JOSH.  So, I, uh, wanted to thank you for your tip about the bread.\
JENNY. 
\f2\i  (Subconsciously dropping into Val-speak)
\f0\i0  Oh, yeah, like, totally.\
JOSH.  I mean, I know it may sound a little lame, but that's sort of the most anyone has talked with me in the few weeks I've been here.\
JENNY.  Really? What about your friends?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JOSH looks around)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JOSH.  Have you seen me talking to anyone? 
\f2\i (Beat)
\f0\i0  I guess talking to the new kid is still a little weird for some. But anyway. I just wanted to say that was pretty cool of you. 
\f2\i (Beat)
\f0\i0  Your friend told me that it's not easy for you to reach out like that, so it meant a lot to me.\
JENNY.  
\f2\i (Deflated, believing this was SARA's doing) 
\f0\i0 My friend?\
JOSH.  Yeah. He said you don't do that sort of thing for just anyone, so I wanted to say I appreciate it.\
JENNY.  Wait, "he"?\
JOSH.  Yeah, "he". Kind of weird little guy. Says he goes by "The Jimster"?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY realizes what JIMMY did for her)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JOSH.  No one actually calls him that, do they?\
JENNY.  Huh? No. Not at all.\
JOSH.  Yeah. Didn't think so. 
\f2\i (Beat)
\f0\i0  Okay. Well, I'll let you get back to your lunch. 
\f2\i (Awkward pause) 
\f0\i0 It's Thursday, so.. I wouldn't eat the bread.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri690\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JOSH is incredibly awkward now, and turns to leave)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY.  Hey, Josh.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JOSH turns around, perhaps a bit too quickly)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JOSH.  Yeah?\
JENNY.  How would you like to go to the Sadie Hawkins with me tomorrow night?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JOSH brightens up)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JOSH.  
\f2\i (Trying to play it cool, but failing)
\f0\i0  I would, um.. I would like that very much.\
JENNY.  Awesome.\
JOSH.  Yeah. Awesome. Uh, pick you up at 7?\
JENNY.  It's like you read my mind.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JOSH smiles and walks away. Instantly SARA, MISSY, and ASHLEY come running up. They've been listening the whole time)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 MISSY.  Ohmigod. Did you just ask him to the dance?\
JENNY.  I did.\
ASHLEY.  And he said yes?\
JENNY.  He did.\
SARA.  See, maybe being yourself isn't the end of the world after all.\
JENNY.  
\f2\i (Smiling)
\f0\i0  I guess not.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (BRITTANY, HEATHER, and TIFFANY walk up)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 BRITTANY.   Aww, did the little dweebette find her prince dweeb to take her to the ball? What did you do, promise to never talk to him again if he said yes?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri780\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (SARA moves to get in her face, but JENNY stops her)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY.  Brittany. I don't have the time, energy, or slightest care to go through these motions with you today. Whatever your problem is, you're going to have to figure that out on your own. I have a dance to plan for.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri960\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Before BRITTANY can say anything, JENNY walks past her and exits. MISSY and ASHLEY follow quickly, wide-eyed. SARA stays back for a second)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 SARA.  You know, Brittany, if you spent half as much time building yourself up as you do tearing others down, you probably wouldn't be nearly as miserable as you seem.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (BRITTANY is fuming by now)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 BRITTANY.  Bag your face, spaz.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (BRITTANY and HEATHER leave. TIFFANY sticks around for a second)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 SARA.  Why do you put up with her?\
TIFFANY.  She's not really that bad most of the time.\
SARA.  Could have fooled me.\
TIFFANY.  I know she is like totally heinous at school, but when we're not here, she can like, be really nice sometimes.\
SARA.  Having a hard time seeing that, but if you say so.\
TIFFANY.  Like, just last night, she spent almost three hours trying to help Heather study for her English test. She even got this new program on her computer that's supposed to help her. (beat) I just wish there was some way to help her let her guard down, so that people can see more of the real her.\
SARA.  Hmm... maybe there is.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\qr\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 LIGHTS OUT\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0\b \cf0 8. Researching a Plan\
Shermont High School - Library\
\pard\pardeftab720\li900\ri960\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0 \cf0 LIGHTS UP on ALLISON and BECCA sitting down, with a dozen books opened in front of them. They are busy studying. After a few moments, SARA walks up.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
SARA.  Hey. You're Allison, right?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ALLISON doesn't even look up)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 ALLISON.  Yes, I'm Allison. No, I won't do your homework for you. Yes, I'm serious. And No, I don't care that you "really" need it.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (BECCA glances up to see who it is. She coughs, and eventually elbows ALLISON)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 ALLISON.  Wha- 
\f2\i (Noticing SARA) 
\f0\i0 Oh. You're the new girl, right? Sara, without an H. Jenny's cousin, yeah?\
SARA.  Yeah, listen I-\
ALLISON.  Becca here told me about what you did for her the other day. 
\f2\i (Beat)
\f0\i0  That was... nice of you.\
BECCA.  Thanks, again.\
ALLISON.  What can I do for you? 
\f2\i (Holding up a finger)
\f0\i0  I was serious, I won't do your homework.\
SARA.  No, nothing like that. 
\f2\i (Curiously)
\f0\i0  Wait, do people really ask you that?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (BECCA nods vigorously)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 ALLISON.  You wouldn't believe how often they do. Is that what you wanted?\
SARA.  No, sorry. I came to ask a different favor. It's about Brittany Maddox\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ALLISON turns back to her homework)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 ALLISON.  Not interested.\
SARA.  Hear me out.\
ALLISON.  Not. Interested. I want absolutely nothing to do with her, tweedledum, or tweedledee. I stay out of their way, they stay out of my way. It's how it's always been, and I have no intention of changing that.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Long pause)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri-120\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 SARA.  You know it was Brittany who almost got Becca an F on that project? She's not going to just stop, either. Not unless we give her a reason to stop.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ALLISON looks over to BECCA)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 ALLISON.  You didn't say it was Brittany who wrecked your project.\
BECCA.  
\f2\i (Shyly)
\f0\i0  I know you don't like her, and I figured you would have just told me I need to avoid her. But you can't just avoid her. She walks on water at Shermont High. Everybody loves her.\
SARA/ALLISON.  Nobody loves her.\
ALLISON.  Except maybe Heather. I swear that girl thinks Brittany is the next Madonna or something. 
\f2\i (Pause)
\f0\i0  What did you have in mind?\
SARA.  Well, I heard that you have a computer at home, is that right?\
ALLISON.  Yeah... why?\
SARA.  What are you doing after school today?\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\qr\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 LIGHTS OUT\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0\b \cf0 9. Montage\
Various\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\i \cf0 Moving Pictures' "Never" plays throughout the following montage.\
\
While the montage takes place, the entire stage is being turned into a dance hall. Even those setting up the stage seem to be bouncing to the music.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf0 First:
\f2\b0  MISSY and ASHLEY are sitting down. JENNY comes in wearing a dress. They both shake their heads. JENNY walks back off.\
\

\f3\b Second:
\f2\b0  SARA, ALLISON, and BECCA sit around a computer. SARA is typing onto it.\
\

\f3\b Third:
\f2\b0  TIFFANY is at another computer. BRITTANY and HEATHER are looking at dresses behind her. She waves over BRITTANY.\
\

\f3\b Fourth:
\f2\b0  JENNY enters wearing another dress. MISSY and ASHLEY shake their heads much more vigorously this time. JENNY deflates, and walks back off.\
\

\f3\b Fifth: 
\f2\b0 SARA, ALLISON, and BECCA are back at the computer.\
\

\f3\b Sixth:
\f2\b0  BRITTANY is now at the computer. TIFFANY and HEATHER watch.\
\

\f3\b Seventh:
\f2\b0  JENNY comes back out, MISSY and ASHLEY cheer. This is the look.\
\

\f3\b Eighth:
\f2\b0  JIMMY is dressed up. He checks himself in the mirror. Then he does a little dance move.\
\
JIMMY exits.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf0 LIGHTS OUT\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0\b \cf0 10. Sadie Hawkins Dance\
Shermont High School - Cafeteria\
\pard\pardeftab720\li810\ri960\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0 \cf0 LIGHTS UP on IAN the DJ. His station is off to one side of the stage. He kicks off the dance with Starship's "Nothing's Gonna Stop Us Now". After dance scene is entirely set, LIGHTS UP on Shermont High School's cafeteria, which is now entirely set up as the Sadie Hawkins dance.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li810\ri960\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li810\ri960\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 EVERYONE is dressed in awesome 80's clothes. There is a big banner that reads "Shermont High's Sadie Hawkins" center stage.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li810\ri960\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li810\ri960\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 Opposite the DJ, there is a table with a punch bowl.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li810\ri960\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li810\ri960\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 There is an archway made of balloons near the punch table. After a few moments, JENNY enters with JOSH around her arm. JENNY is beaming, but JOSH seems visually nervous.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
JENNY.  Are you okay?\
JOSH.  Huh? Oh, yeah. It's just, um, well honestly, this is my first dance.\
JENNY. 
\f2\i  (Shocked)
\f0\i0  What?\
JOSH.  Yeah. I didn't really do these kind of things at my old school. I mean, I wanted to, I just, well I didn't really have a ton of friends. I more kept to myself, you know?\
JENNY.  Oh.\
JOSH.  Yeah. I mean, that probably makes me sound like some kind of \
    dork or something, but-\
JENNY.  No, not at all.\
JOSH.  Just... thanks for asking me.\
JENNY.  
\f2\i (Taken aback)
\f0\i0  You're welcome.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Beat)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JOSH.  Care to dance?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 \
(JENNY nods. JOSH leads her to the dance floor where they dance. Meanwhile:\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 JIMMY enters and looks around the room. He notices SARA, who is talking with someone else.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 JIMMY  turns the other way, closes his eyes, and takes a deep breath, psyching himself up. Just as he turns to walk towards her, BRITTANY and HEATHER are in his way)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 BRITTANY.  Heather?\
HEATHER.  Yes, Brittany?\
BRITTANY.  Can you remind me what the theme of tonight's dance is?\
HEATHER.  Uh, formal?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (BRITTANY turns on HEATHER)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 BRITTANY.  Not the dress code, the type of dance it is.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri510\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (HEATHER looks really confused. BRITTANY gestures up to the big "Sadie Hawkins" sign hanging on the wall)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 HEATHER.  Oh. Yeah! It's a Sadie Hawkins.\
BRITTANY.  (back to JIMMY) And what is supposed to happen at a Sadie Hawkins dance?\
HEATHER.  (very confidently, to JIMMY) We dance.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (BRITTANY rolls her eyes. Hard. She's about to strangle her friend)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 BRITTANY.  
\f2\i (Through gritted teeth)
\f0\i0  No, you idiot. I mean before the dance. What is supposed to happen before one goes to a Sadie Hawkins Dance.\
HEATHER.  
\f2\i (Unsure)
\f0\i0  We go to Dairy Queen?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (BRITTANY screams in frustration)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JIMMY.  Yeeeaaahh, okay. I'm going to let you two... do whatever it is that you're trying to do, and be literally anywhere else.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri600\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JIMMY makes to move past BRITTANY, but she shoves him hard. SARA notices this from across the room)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 BRITTANY.  And exactly where do you think you're going, hoser? You're only allowed to be here if a girl from this school invited you. 
\f2\i (Beat)
\f0\i0  So unfortunately for you, your mom doesn't count.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JIMMY is stunned. He stammers a bit. Then he tries to move past them)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JIMMY.  Can you just let me-\
BRITTANY.  Sorry, dork brain, rules are rules.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (BRITTANY starts to grab JIMMY, but SARA arrives and puts her arm around him. SARA stares down BRITTANY, who cowers a bit)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 SARA.  Jim Jam! I was wondering when you were going to get here. You had me thinking you might go ahead and stand a girl up. 
\f2\i (to BRITTANY)
\f0\i0  Wouldn't that be embarrassing? Having no date to the Sadie Hawkins. I can't even imagine. You girls know what I mean. 
\f2\i (SARA mocks looks around curiously) 
\f0\i0 Oh. I'm sorry. You two aren't here.. alone.. are you? 
\f2\i (Beat as BRITTANY fumes, then to JIMMY)
\f0\i0  Come on, Jim Jam. You promised me you'd dance with me at least once. 
\f2\i (Dragging JIMMY away with her)
\f0\i0  Let's go, stud!\
HEATHER.  She's like, wicked pretty.\
BRITTANY.  
\f2\i (Yelling)
\f0\i0  Shut up, Heather!\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (BRITTANY storms off in the opposite direction. HEATHER doesn't know what to do, so she starts dancing. SARA and JIMMY move to the Punch table. JIMMY hands SARA a cup)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JIMMY.  Thank you for that. Brittany seems out for blood tonight.\
SARA.  
\f2\i (Smiling)
\f0\i0  She's just like that because she thinks she's being stood up.\
JIMMY.  Wait, what?\
SARA.  I may have had a little help pretending to be someone else on a computer, and then convinced her to ask "me" to the dance tonight. That\'92s why she is hovering by the door in the first place. Waiting for a guy with a white suit and a bright red boutonniere to walk in.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JIMMY is shocked)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JIMMY.  That's actually pretty awful. I mean, if anyone deserves it, it's \
    Brittany Maddox, but still. She's going to be mega pissed when she \
    finds out.\
SARA.  I have a feeling she'll be just fine. I said I pretended to be someone else, not that the someone else doesn't actually exist.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (SARA motions over to IAN, who is stepping down from his DJ booth, wearing a white suit, and a red boutonniere. IAN moves to BRITTANY)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JIMMY.  Isn't that the foreign exchange student?\
SARA.  Ian. Yeah, turns out he thinks she is hilarious or something. I think a lot must get lost in translation.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (BRITTANY is angry at first, but then IAN offers her a matching corsage, and she softens)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 SARA.   Why poke the bear when you can give it what it is really looking for?\
JIMMY.  And what's that?\
SARA.  What we all are looking for. To feel like we're needed.\
JIMMY.  I don't think I've ever seen her make that face before.\
SARA.  You mean smile?\
JIMMY.  Yes. Make it stop.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (SARA laughs)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JIMMY.  Still, thank you. I owe you big time.\
SARA.  Well I know how you are going to repay me.\
JIMMY.  
\f2\i (Nervously)
\f0\i0  And how is that?\
SARA.  Well we are at a dance. Why don't you show me what you've got.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 \
(JIMMY grins. He leads her out to the dance floor, as Kenny Loggins' "Footloose" starts to play.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 The crowd circles around and all start to dance, as JIMMY totally owns the dance floor. After a little bit, everyone moves in and dances too.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 Music shifts to Orchestral Manoeuvres In The Dark's "If You Leave"\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 As the dance continues, SARA notices ALLISON and BECCA standing off to the Punch table. She moves over to them)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 SARA.  Why aren't you two out there dancing?\
ALLISON.  That's not really our scene.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (BECCA shakes her head)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 SARA.  Says who?\
ALLISON.  Um... us?\
SARA.  Come on. Are you telling me you don't want to be out there. Not even a little bit?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (They both hesitate)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 SARA.  You have the rest of your life to take things so seriously. You are allowed to have a little bit of fun now and again.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (BECCA looks to ALLISON)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 ALLISON.  I guess we could let loose a little. It is a dance after all. Right?\
SARA.  There we go! Come on. Without thinking, if you could do anything you want right now, no matter how crazy, what would that be?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ALLISON looks around)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 ALLISON.  I.. uh..
\f2\i  (Excitedly)
\f0\i0  I want to jump up on this table.\
SARA. 
\f2\i  (Laughing) 
\f0\i0 What's stopping you?\
ALLISON.  
\f2\i (Suddenly serious again) 
\f0\i0 You serious?\
SARA.  Why not?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (SARA gestures to the table. ALLISON looks around, and then, hesitantly at first, climbs up on top. After a moment she yells in excitement)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 ALLISON.  WOOOOOO!\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MR. WHITE comes running over)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 MR. WHITE.  WHAT ON EARTH DO YOU THINK YOU ARE DOING! GET DOWN FROM THERE!!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ALLISON jumps down. At first she looks ashamed, then she looks at SARA and they all start giggling. SARA leads them to the dance floor.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 MR. WHITE starts re-organizing the table when MS. KEATING walks up to get some punch. MR. WHITE looks over to MS. KEATING, and stops working on the table to grab some punch himself.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 MS. KEATING is standing by the punch bowl lightly bouncing to the music. After a few moments, MR. WHITE walks up. They are watching students dance throughout the following:)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
MR. WHITE. 
\f2\i  (Loudly to be heard over music) 
\f0\i0 Pretty Rad, huh?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MS. KEATING nods, then looks at MR. WHITE questioningly)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 MS. KEATING.  What's Rad?\
MR. WHITE.   What?\
MS. KEATING. 
\f2\i  (Loudly)
\f0\i0  I asked "What's Rad?"\
MR. WHITE.  You know, "Rad". It's what the kids are all saying. It means, \
Hip, Cool, (
\f2\i Drawing this one out) 
\f0\i0 "Gnarly".\
MS. KEATING.  
\f2\i (Rolling her eyes) 
\f0\i0 Yes, Mr. White. I know what it means. I meant, what is it you think is
\f2\i  (Using air quotes)
\f0\i0  "rad"?\
MR. WHITE.  Oh. Yeah. This. All of this
\f2\i  (Gesturing to kids)
\f0\i0 . Our dances were never this "hoppin'" were they?\
MS. KEATING.  Our dances?\
MR. WHITE.  Yeah. Our dances. Like when we were back in high school. They were never this rad.\
MS. KEATING.  Mr. White, with all due respect. You do know that I only graduated high school, like, six years ago, right? I've actually danced to this song, in this very gym before.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MR. WHITE keeps nodding, realizing his grave mistake)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri-120\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 MS. KEATING.  I actually think you were even a chaperone at a couple of them.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (MR. WHITE stares off into the distance. Realizing how out of place he is)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 MR. WHITE.  Totally.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Awkward moment. Suddenly stern, and not at all cool anymore, MR. WHITE storms off towards IAN and BRITTANY who are dancing a little too closely)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 MR. WHITE.  Hey, you two! I said two feet apart. Don't make me get out my yardstick!\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (Across the stage, JENNY breaks free from the dance floor with a huge smile on her face. MISSY and ASHLEY walk up to her)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 MISSY.  Where did Jimmy learn to move like that?\
JENNY.  I have no idea!\
ASHLEY.  One thing's for sure, I don't think he's going to have any trouble finding a date to prom.\
MISSY.  I swear, if Sara doesn't hurry up and make a move, I might be at the front of that line.\
JENNY.
\f2\i   (Laughing) 
\f0\i0 Seriously?\
MISSY.  What? I have a soft spot for geeks. I mean, I'm your friend aren't I?\
ASHLEY.  Let's get back out there before someone else steps in.\
JENNY.  You too?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (ASHLEY smiles and shrugs. They both move back to dance as SARA walks up)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 SARA.  How's your date going?\
JENNY.  He's so sweet!\
SARA.  It's all going how you fantasized it would, then?\
JENNY.  
\f2\i (Considering)
\f0\i0  Not at all.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (SARA is confused)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY.  This... This is so much better than some fantasy. This is reality. I think at some point I got so caught up with what could happen, that I lost sight of what I actually wanted to happen.\
SARA. 
\f2\i  (Proud, but sad)
\f0\i0  Sounds like my work here is done then.\
JENNY.  You're not sticking around? I think Jimmy has started to grow a little fond of you.\
SARA.  Just Jimmy?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY smiles. Beat)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY.  No. Not just Jimmy.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (SARA smiles back. She looks at the crowd dancing around JIMMY)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 SARA.  I think he'll be just fine.\
JENNY.  And me?\
SARA.  You're going to be fine too. 
\f2\i (Beat)
\f0\i0  Can't have me sticking around. Gotta let go of that fantasy at some point, right?\
JENNY.  Yeah. I guess so..\
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (After a long moment. JENNY reaches out and gives SARA a huge hug. SARA hugs her back)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 JENNY.  Stick around for a little bit more?\
SARA.  Not itching to get rid of me just yet?\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri-120\partightenfactor0
\cf0 JENNY.  Nah. I think this is one fantasy that we can let play out a little longer.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 (JENNY reaches out and grabs SARA's hand, and then \
pulls her back to the crowd.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li1080\ri1110\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 Modern English's "Melt With You" starts to play.\
\
Everyone is back in the center and dancing. No student is alone, and everyone is having a blast)\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\qr\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 FADE TO BLACK\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li288\fi-288\ri0\qr\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0\b \cf0 END OF PLAY
\f0\b0 \
}